4	why does n't an optical mouse work on a glass table ? or even on some surfaces ? Optical mice use an LED and a camera to rapidly capture images of the surface beneath the mouse . The infomation from the camera is analyzed by a DSP ( Digital Signal Processor ) and used to detect imperfections in the underlying surface and determine motion . Some materials , such as glass , mirrors or other very shiny , uniform surfaces interfere with the ability of the DSP to accurately analyze the surface beneath the mouse . Since glass is transparent and very uniform , the mouse is unable to pick up enough imperfections in the underlying surface to determine motion . Mirrored surfaces are also a problem , since they constantly reflect back the same image , causing the DSP not to recognize motion properly . When the system is unable to see surface changes associated with movement , the mouse will not work properly . 
5	What is the best off-road motorcycle trail ? long-distance trail throughout CA i hear that the mojave road is amazing ! search for it online . 
2	What is Trans Fat ? How to reduce that ? I heard that tras fat is bad for the body . Why is that ? Where can we find it in our daily food ? Trans fats occur in manufactured foods during the process of partial hydrogenation , when hydrogen gas is bubbled through vegetable oil to increase shelf life and stabilize the original polyunsatured oil . The resulting fat is similar to saturated fat , which raises `` bad '' LDL cholesterol and can lead to clogged arteries and heart disease . Until very recently , food labels were not required to list trans fats , and this health risk remained hidden to consumers . In early July , FDA regulations changed , and food labels will soon begin identifying trans fat content in processed foods . 
6	How many planes Fedex has ? I heard that it is the largest airline in the world according to the www.fedex.com web site : Air Fleet 670 aircraft , including : 47 Airbus A300-600s 17 Boeing DC10-30s 62 Airbus A310-200/300s 36 Boeing MD10-10s 2 ATR 72s 5 Boeing MD10-30s 29 ATR 42s 57 Boeing MD11s 18 Boeing 727-100s 10 Cessna 208As 94 Boeing 727-200s 246 Cessna 208Bs 30 Boeing DC10-10s 17 Fokker F-27s 
6	In the san francisco bay area , does it make sense to rent or buy ? the prices of rent and the price of buying does not make sense to me , mostly the rent will not cover the mortgage . Is it better to rent a house or to buy ? renting vs buying depends on your goals . generally thinking is that buying is better b/c the payments that would go into the rent start building equity in your home . the govt also incentivizes you to buy by making your property tax payments and mortgage interest payments tax deductible.having said that current housing status in the bay area is such that housing cost to purchase is relatively high and rental prices ( compared to ownership cost ) are relatively low ( relative to the rest of the country ) . it makes lese sense to buy vs. other places.bottom line you should base your decision on whether you think the market will keep going up or not . the other numbers tend to even out , the main gain or loss in buying comes from appreciation/depreciation . 
4	What 's the best way to clean a keyboard ? I have very small stuff stuck under my keyboard and it prevents it to from working . What will be the best way to clean it ? There are commercial kits available , but a can of compressed air , a lint-free cloth or wipes , mild dishwashing liquid , and a vacuum cleaner with a soft brush are all you really need for a basic cleaning . After turning off your computer and unplugging your keyboard , gently shake the keyboard upside down over some newspaper to dislodge loose crumbs and particles . Use the can of compressed air to blow a stream of air between the keys . Dampen a lint-free cloth with a diluted solution of dishwashing liquid and water to wipe down the keys . Use the vacuum cleaner brush attachment to suck away any remaining dirt or debris . If you have a membrane-type keyboard ( it does n't have a spring under each key ) and the keys are truly grungy , you can remove the keys with a small screwdriver and use cotton swabs and 90 % isopropyl alcohol to get it sparkling clean . If you are still feeling industrious , next you can tackle cleaning your mouse . Of course , if cleaning your keyboard seems a truly undesirable task , you can always buy a new one for around $ 20 . 
1	Why do people blush when they are embarrassed ? Why do people blush when they are embarrassed ? from ask yahoo ... http : //ask.yahoo.com/ask/20040113.html < < Blushing is a unique blend of evolutionary and social behavior . It 's an involuntary reaction of the sympathetic nervous system , which is responsible for our `` fight or flight '' response , but blushing is solely triggered by social cues . People generally blush when they 're feeling embarrassed , scared , or stressed . As a result of the `` fight or flight '' response , the capillaries that carry blood to the skin widen , and the increased blood flow lends the face , as well as sometimes the chest , neck , or even the body or legs , a reddened color . Excessive facial blushing , or erythrophobia , is caused by overactivity of the sympathetic nervous system . The condition can cause a lot of psychological duress and has engendered several support groups . It 's common knowledge that animals do n't blush . So while there are some evolutionary cues behind blushing , it 's also linked to something uniquely human -- moral consciousness . > > 
7	Is Lin Qingxia ( aka Brigitte Lin ) `` the most beautiful woman in Chinese cinema ? '' This is according to Stephen Chow ( http : //www.hkentreview.com/2005/features/kfh/kfhprem.html ) . Is it true ? Who is the best-looking male star ? Did they make any movies together ? Well . Everyone has different definition on what 'beauty ' is . I like Lin Qingxia , but I think many girls are prettier than she was . ( She is more than 40 years old now ) . If `` Lin Qingxia '' is the most beautiful woman in the Chinese cinema , the most handsome man in Chinese cinema should be `` Chin Han '' because they always made movies together.However , A male movie star once was asked his girlfriend in real life or the girlfriend in movie is more beautiful . He gave a very good answer : `` I think my mother is the most beautiful woman in the world . '' : ) 
4	What is the origin of `` foobar '' ? I want to know the meaning of the word and how to explain to my friends . Not sure if this is the origin , but I think it was popularized in the 1989 film `` Tango & Cash '' . After Tango , played by Sylvester Stallone , and Cash , portrayed by Kurt Russell , were thrown into jail and setup in a failed jailbreak attempt , the bad guy Yves Perret ( Jack Pallance ) locked them in the boiler room with a bunch of felons Tango & Cash had put in jail . Prior to unleashing a can of whoop-ass , their conversation was as follows : Gabriel Cash : I do n't know about you , but I have an aversion to getting F.U.B.A.R ... Ray Tango : What 's F.U.B.A.R . ? Gabriel Cash : Fucked-Up Beyond All Recognition . 
1	How the human species evolved ? How the human species evolved ? A tough question as it overlaps science and theology . Since you asked `` how the human species evolved ? '' I 'll assume you 're interested in the scientific approach to the answer.The current theory holds that Homo sapiens evolved from Hominid ancestors over the course of millions of years through a process called natural selection . Natural selection is the weeding and advancement of species variants over time based on the fit in that species ' then current environments . The pressures for `` fit '' are competitive ( with each other , with other tribes , and with other animals ) and environmental ( weather , terrain , availability of food , etc. ) . These factors all contributed to the development of our higher brain , which we now use to evolve as a global collective through communication & technology . 
3	Who said the statement below and what does it mean ? Can someone help me with understanding someone else 's wisdom , please ? & # xd ; < br > < br > '' It is very easy in the world to live by the opinion of the world . It is very easy in solitude to be self-centered . But the finished man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. `` That is kind of a tricky little quote . Sometimes placing it in context can help . This is a quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson 's essay `` Self Reliance , '' which discourages basing one 's opinions and actions on common opinion in favor of self-trust ( see the full essay at http : //www.emersoncentral.com/selfreliance.htm ) . I think the point of this quote is that it 's very desireable to have one 's own original thoughts and opinions , and to live by them . It 's easier to live by one 's own convictions and not be persuaded by others when in isolation ( that 's the `` independence of solitude '' ) . However , not so special to isolate oneself from others in order to attain this ideal . Because it 's difficult to live by one 's own thoughts and opinions while being a part of society , it 's something only a `` finished man '' can truly do . Also , in the essay , Emerson refers to being childlike - unselfish , non-judgmental , open-minded , uncynical , unhesitant - as something to admire . So I think that 's where the seemingly misplaced `` perfect sweetness '' comes in . When a man can remain pure of heart while living in the harsh world and also keeping and living by his own ideals . What do you think ? 
3	How do I find an out of print book ? When I was a kid I remember seeing a book that was like an yearbook of all newspapers published by the Times during WW II . Each of the years is compiled into a different book . & # xd ; < br > It gave one a very uniqie perspecitev into the UK druing the war , and even had advertisements from thaat time. & # xd ; < br > Anybody out there know how to track such books ? There are several websites that you can find rare or out of print books . A couple would be alibris.com or abebooks.com . These sites list books by booksellers all over the country and some internationally . 
6	What are some tips on finding a good mortgage broker ? What are some tips on finding a good mortgage broker ? the most basic thing is to have someone you have a decent amount of trust for . someone recommended by a friend etc.the things you have to look for are:1. top priority is seeing that the broker can actually get your loan on time . many deals fall through b/c the broker can not get the deal through on time and has less control than the original lender2 . secondary priority is to see that they have access to competitive rates . not all brokers have access to all sources and rates , although most of them will be similar.3 . you need to see that the broker is someone you trust to get you the best rate regardless of how much money they make off the transaction . 
4	what 's the best way to create a bootable windos/dos CD ? i do n't use floppies any more and need to boot from something other than my hard disk Well , the best way is to look at whatever program you have for burning CDs and see if it has an option to create a bootable CD . If you ca n't find it , or use Windows itself to burn CDs , then it 's a little more complicated.Note : If you find that booting from CD does n't work , you may have to adjust your BIOS setting to allow your machine to boot from CD.If you want to boot to windows : the easiest way is probably to go here : http : //www.nu2.nu/bootcd/ and download a utility that will do it for you . There are instructions there depending on what type of boot you want.If you do n't trust using a third party utility , Microsoft has some instructions here : http : //support.microsoft.com/kb/167685/EN-US/ . This process is not very straightforward though.If you just need to get into your filesystem and poke around , you might consider booting a different OS . For example , http : //www.freedos.org/ ( FreeDOS ) and http : //www.knoppix.net/ ( Knoppix Linux ) may do what you want . For these , you can download ISO images and burn bootable CDs . 
8	what is the reason for the increasing divorce percentage in the western world ? what is the most common parameter that causing couples to separate IMO ... our lives are much more complex than our equivalents from 50 years ago and thus it 's more likely for married people to grow in different directions over time ( values , needs , etc. ) . Add to that how easy and acceptable it is to get a divorce , and how quick we are to dispose of things that we no longer want , and you get an increasing percentage.I would n't be surprised if in the not too distant future the average length of a marriage drops to ~5 years and the average number of marriages per person increases to 2+.A parallel to consider : how many different circles of friends do you have and how often have you joined new ones and left others behind over your life ? ( grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc. ) . We are a nomadic species . : ) 
1	What is an `` imaginary number '' ? What is an `` imaginary number '' , and how is it treated in algebra equations ? Imaginary numbers are numbers than when squared equal a negative number , as in i^2 = -1 , where i is the imaginary number . You 'll also often see them represented as i = √-1 ( that 's the square root of -1 ) .Do n't be confused by the poorly chosen name - imaginary numbers do indeed exist and are used in advanced math , such as in the physics of electromagnetic fields . The analogy that Wikipedia uses is a good one - just like you do n't need the concept of fractions to count stones , it does n't mean that fractions do n't exist . : ) 
1	Faxing a pizza would we be able to fax a pizza in the future ? How far are we from creating a machine that can beam people from one place to another ? We 're pretty far away from being able to beam anything in the way that you are describing . There are some experiments where splitting entangled electrons allows us to observe some interesting 'action at a distance ' effects , but the amount of data that would need to be stored to transmit something with as many atoms as a pizza is incredible . Also , such an operation would require nano-assemblers that could interpret such data an reassemble the pizza from the info provided . 
7	What are good sources to find out about new gospel artists ? Is there a site that focuses primarily on gospel ? CCM Magazine or their online website will give you information on up and coming artists in the Christian Music field . 
1	space missions Why are we spending so much money on space when we do not have a decent health insurance to all the public ? You also need to consider the economic effects of funding basic research . The moon missions of the 60 's inspired an entire generation and helped to move many kids toward careers in science and engineering . As a result , the US was well poised to take advantage of the huge boom in information technology in the last few decades . The net effect of these engineers in the workforce could be see has a pretty impressive return on investment for the cost of those missions . 
1	How a black hole is formed ? I would like to know how a black hole can possibly be formed . Are there any experimental evidence of such creation ? The current scientific theory holds that black holes are formed when stars of sufficient mass ( about 3x the mass of our Sun ) reach the end of their life and collapse down into a singularity , which is , in essence , an infinitely small point with a huge amount of gravity - gravity so powerful that not even light can escape it 's pull if it gets too close . It is also thought that black holes can be formed from smaller masses if external energy/pressure is exerted to squeeze the mass into a singularity.Not sure if there 's any direct experimental evidence of creation , but there is evidence that they exist . Cosmologists use several different methods to detect blacks holes , such as by looking for light being bent and/or disappearing as it travels from remote stars towards us , and also by looking for bursts of x-rays that are given off as matter is sucked into the back hole and destroyed.Fun fact : current evidence and theory suggests that the center of the Milky Way is a giant black hole that was formed as the densly packed stars in the center collapsed and sucked each other in . 
1	Heavy water what is the role that heavy water plays in the nuclear explosion process ? Heavy water is like regular water except that instead of two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom ( H20 ) it has two deuterium atoms and an oxygen atom ( D20 ) . Deuterium is a hydrogen atom with an extra neutron.Water is used in nuclear reactors to moderate the reaction speed , and to absorb heat . Nuclear fission starts by giving off neutrons that create a chain reaction . Any water around it absorbs those neutrons ( becoming heavy water ) and slows the reaction . If heavy water is used instead of regular hydrogen water , the neutrons are not absorbed . This means that less pure nuclear material can be used to sustain a reaction . For example unrefined uranium , which is much less expensive , can be used instead of enriched uranium . 
7	When will Her Majesty be released in Dvd format ? Her Majesty was a movie in limited release early in 2005 . I am interested in getting a copy of it in dvd format upon release . It 's already available in Australia , if your DVD player can handle PAL : 
1	Is a transponder required to fly in class C airspace ? I 've heard that it may not be for some aircraft . What are the rules ? the answer is that you must have a transponder in order to fly in a class C airspace . 
3	How to get rid of a beehive ? Who can tell me how to get rid of a beehive with out getting stung ? Call an area apiarist . They should be able to help you and would most likely remove them at no charge in exchange for the hive . The bees have value and they now belong to you . 
6	Nice apartment building near SBC Park ? Any recommendations for a nice apartment building in SF generally in the SBC Park area ? I ca n't tell you which of the many are best , but I can tell you about one I lived in briefly.I lived for a month in the Avalon at 4th and King . I was put up there as a corporate apartment . While it was fine , it was relatively expensive , and the rooms were small . It also had one of those rooms that served as kitchen , dining room and living room all in one . I 'm not fond of these kinds of rooms , which are particularly American . The smell of cooking , people watching TV , people eating -- these all seem like activities that should be separated from one another . Call me old fashioned . The Avalon had a big gym , however , which was very good , and concierge service , which was very convenient . Most of them were very friendly . One concierge even hugged me when we left and said she was going to miss me ! Also convenient was its proximity to the Caltrain , the Safeway across the street and the Starbucks . But if you crave culture , this ai n't it : everything is a chain store nearby.So depending on your budget , your need for convenience and culture , and your tolerance for small rooms and/or omnirooms , it may suit you . 
1	What are world 's 3 smallest nations ? i.e. & # xd ; < br > which is the smallest nation ? & # xd ; < br > which is the next one in size ? & # xd ; < br > and then the next one ? & # xd ; < br > < br > How did they manage to become countries ? 1 . The Vatican City in central Rome ranks as the smallest nation of the world . It measures 0.17 square miles.2 . Monaco . 3 . San Marino.How did they manage to become countries ? 1 . The political freedom of the Vatican is guaranteed and protected by Italy . It concordat between the Holy See and the kingdom of Italy signed in 1929 in the Lateran Palace , Rome , by Cardinal Gasparri for Pius XI and by Benito Mussolini for Victor Emmanuel III.2 . Monaco came under French protection in 1861 . However from 1911 , when the first constitution was promulgated , the prince of Monaco was an absolute ruler.3 . According to tradition , Marino , a Christian stonecutter from Dalmatia , took refuge ( 4th cent ) on Mt . Titano , the chief geographical feature of present-day San Marino . By the mid-5th cent. , a community was formed ; because of its relatively inaccessible location and its poverty , it has succeeded , with a few brief interruptions , in maintaining its independence . In 1631 its independence was recognized by the papacy . 
6	What is the best riddle that you know ? I 'm trying to have a library of the best riddles that people encountered . So a good riddle would be a riddle that has no ugly tricks in it- pure logic answer – no tricks , no funky solutions . If you were standing in front of a door , one leading to heaven and one leading to hell , neither of which are labeled , and guarding that door is a guard , one who always lies and one who always tells the truth , but you do n't know who 's who , what question would you ask to definitively know which one is the door to heaven versus hell.answer : `` what would the other guard say that you would say is the door to heaven ( hell ) ? '' then you know the opposite door is the door to heaven ( hell ) 
6	Economics of running a restaurant ? Running a restaurant looks like hard work and long hours . & # xd ; < br > < br > What percentage of restaurants are profitable ? And what is the average revenue and net income of a small restaurant ? 90 % of restaurants fail in their first year of existence . A 10 % profit level for a restaurant is considered a success . The average revenue and net income is hard to define without knowing the food concept and what type of liquor license the establishment will have : just beer and wine license or full bar license ? Will the restaurant depend heavily on take out food orders or mostly dining within ? The hours are very long 12 to 15 hours a day if yo will be serving lunch and dinner . 
1	Why do gas stations mix ethanol into gas ? Why do gas stations mix ethanol into gas ? Right . Fuel additives are helpful for reduction of emissions , although they are not always economical . For the most part , the US congress has subsidized the creation of ethanol , which tends to be a net cost unless created from waste agricultural products.Another substance that has the same anti-emissions properties as ethanol is MTBE . There has been a lot of press about MTBE recently due to its tendency to pollute groundwater . 
1	Why we are not using the sea waves to generate electricity ? Giving that it is a clean and safe energy , and that almost all the time there are waves , why we are not using that to generate power Same reason solar power is n't more popular despite lots of sunshine : with current technology the cost per kwh is still much higher than for power generated with fossil fuels . As fossil fuel prices rise and technology improves so-called `` alternative '' energy sources become more cost effective , but the crossover point still appears to be several years in the future.Forcing expensive alternative technologies on the market before they are economically viable simply raises electricity prices for homeowners -- this is part of the reason CA electric rates were so far above the national average in the 1990 's , opening the door for Enron and like to make their ill-fated arbitrage plays ... 
5	Why does n't the NBA implement a minor leagues ? I do n't want to see any more High School kids on the court , shooting airballs and missing defensive assignments . The NBA does have minor leagues - they 're called the CBA , and the International leagues . : ) Seriously - because viewers seem to value explosiveness over efficiency , I think we 're seeing a major shift in the average age of NBA players towards young athletes that are quicker , high-flying and more resilient to injury . I would n't be surprised at all if by the end of this decade the average age of the league allstars is well under 25 . 
3	What 's the longest english word without a vowel in it ? and what does that word mean if it 's not a common word . The longest word without a vowel is Rhythm.It is referenced on below web site where you can find more fun facts . 
5	Formula1 car What makes a Formula1 car a fast car ? Let me break it down-Engine- 3 liter V10 . Approximately 900+ hp , 19,000 rpm . The engine weighs about 200 lbs . It spins so fast that metal valve springs ca n't keep , the springs are pneumatic.Brakes- The better your brakes , the later you can brake and thus you can spend more time going fast . These are carbon fiber and take 3 months to make . They heat up to around 1500 F in use and can be seen glowing . The wheels are limited to 13 inches in order to limit braking capability . As they are , the driver experiences 4 G 's of decelerating load under heavy braking . An average person would black out in an F1 car.Aerodynamics- Surprisingly , drag is not the critical factor , downforce is . These cars have very high coefficients of drag , due to the open wheels and spoilers . The downforce is created by aero devices which are basically inverted aeroplane wings , which push the car to the ground under speed . It is because of the dependence on these devices that F1 cars have a difficult time passing , once the cars enter the dirty air behind another racer , downforce drops dramatically and so does the car 's ability to corner quickly.Traction control- the cars generate so much power that the throttle is computer controlled to keep the tires from spinning . The governing body ( the FIA ) wants to make this illegal but right now it is not feasible because it is merely software in the engine management systems , and it is not feasible to decompile these systems to find illegal code.Transmisison- The cars utilize computer controlled sequential manual transmissions . The computers manage the throttle and clutch to pull off perfect shifts in one tenth of a second . All the driver does is pull a lever . The clutch is only used from a standstill and is engaged from a lever on the steering wheel . What does n't make the cars fast-Tires- The tires are grooved to limit traction . If the drivers were allowed to run slicks , the traction and G loading would be so high that drivers would black out and possibly crash . Starting in 2005 , they also must last the entire race.Wheels- Size limited to prevent the installation of overlarge brakes which would also push the drivers beyond the limits of human physiologyBrakes- As stated earlier , size limited . Also , no ABS at all ( outlawed in 1994 ) . 
1	how was Einstein 's General Relativity theory proven ? When was it , where was it and by whom ? First , I would never say that a theory has been proven . There may be a lot of evidence that supports a theory , and as a result it may no longer be on the list of theories that are being challenged , but theories are always theories and should always be open to adjustment by new evidence . A good theory is just a collection of hypothesis , experiments and deductions that survives repeated challenge and can therefore be used to predict untested outcomes.Now to your question ( sorry for the tangent ) ... I think that most physicists consider Arthur Eddington 's observations of the bending of light during the 1919 solar eclipse as the first solid evidence to support Einstein 's theory of General Relativity . Einstein 's theory predicted that gravitational fields would bend light , and Eddington 's measurements supported that prediction , thus making it the first empirical data to support the theory . 
7	Can someone tell me what happened in Buffy 's series finale ? I had to work and missed the ending . The gang makes an attack on the First 's army , aided by Willow , who performs a powerful spell to imbue all of the Potentials with Slayer powers . Meanwhile , wearing the amulet that Angel brought , Spike becomes the decisive factor in the victory , and Sunnydale is eradicated . Buffy and the gang look back on what 's left of Sunnydale , deciding what to do next ... -- but more importantly , there will no longer be any slaying in Sunnydale , or is that Sunnyvale ... . 
1	How does a person live his whole life with the notion of impending death Just a philosophical question , nothing more . It 's called denial ... 
1	how does a helicopter fly this is a miracle- I always wanted to learn to fly one of those . Can someone explain how can it get airborne ? A helicopter gets its power from rotors or blades . When its rotors are spinning , a helicopter does n't look much like an airplane . But the rotor blades have an airfoil shape like the wings of an airplane . So as the rotors turn , air flows more quickly over the tops of the blades than it does below . This creates enough lift for flight . 
3	Why would Big Ten keep its name inspite of adding a 11th school ? [ colleges & univs ] & # xd ; < br > < br > Upto 1980s and early 90s , Big Ten conference had only 10 schools . But then somehow it was decided to add PSU as the 11th Big-Ten school. & # xd ; < br > < br > Any thoughts/insight on why the name of the conference not changed ? i would think to keep the `` brand '' recognition and the history of the Big Ten . the conference has invested a lot in building the Big Ten name as well as any merchandising and corporate sponsorship . 
2	How effective is massage in relieving stress ? How effective is massage in relieving stress ? Massage is good for relieving stress if you find the right kind of you . One of the most popular massages is Swedish massage . Light to medium pressure is applied with long , soothing strokes . Sometimes stress can cause muscle pain . Deep tissue massage can be tailored to the person 's need . Aromatherapy massage makes use of the therapeutic effect of essential oil combined with a relaxing massage . Warm stone massage has become very popular in the past few years . Reflexology is a special form of foot massage.It may take a few trials to find the right kind of massage for you . Once you find it , it can help maintain good physical health and stress reduction . 
9	Is there a good reference for California Landlord-Tenant Law ? I want to know what is required of landlords and tenants in California . Check out `` California Tenants : A Guide to Residential Tenants ' and Landloards ' Rights and Responsibilities '' ( listed as a reference below ) from the department of Consumer Affairs . 
4	Triangular distribution random function How can I calculate a random number in a Triangular distribution random function ? Is there a java packaged somewhere which does it ? check out this site : http : //mathworld.wolfram.com/TriangularDistribution.html 
1	Capturing light in a container Can we capture light in a container ? Will it run and shine forever ? What kind of internal material we should use in order to do that ? So the answer to your specific question is 'no ' . The problem is that if the container shines , it means that light and energy is being lost and will eventually run out . There are materials that will glow for a long time due to radioactive decay or via chemical processes , but all of these are using up their 'fuel ' in the process and will eventually run out.Some radioactive substances have a pretty long half-life and will appear to glow steadily without much decay over the scale of a human lifetime.Now , to get more generalized ... it is possible to trap light in a container that does n't shine . Scientists have been able to free light in its place using supercooled clouds of sodium which are naturally opaque , but can temporarily transmit light when altered via a laser beam . If the laser is shut off , a light beam that is passing through the cloud will be temporarily frozen in place . Australian scientists have recently been able to extend this interaction to be nearly as long as a second.Once the laser is reintroduced the beam is recovered and continues on its way . Now all this is a little debatable , since the photons actually get temporarily swallowed up by the material . The photons that come out afterwards have the same configuration and quantum state as what went in , but whether they are exactly the same photons is more of a question for philosophy than for physics . 
6	When will Google buy Yahoo ? The two businesses are very complementary in terms of strengths and weaknesses . Do we want to beat ourselves up competing with each other for resources and market share , or unite to beat MSFT ? Their respective market caps are too close for this to ever happen.Interestingly , many reporters , analysts and tech pundits that I talk to think that the supposed competition between Google and Yahoo is fallacious , and that they are very different companies with very different strategies . Google 's true competitor is often seen as being Microsoft , not Yahoo . This would support your claim that they are complementary . 
1	Do animals have feelings ? can an animal feel regrets , compassion , sad , fear etc ? It 's clear that humans and animals ( especially those close to us in the evolutionary tree ) , share similar chemical responses in their brain when faced with highly emotional situations . Whether it be fear , contentment , mating urges , we have a lot of analogous mechanisms going on . On this basis alone , there is a pretty strong argument that animals have feelings.One possible counter-argument , however , is based on the definition that for certain chemical responses to be called feelings , that the being in question needs to have a conscious awareness of their state . With this defition , it becomes much harder to say whether animals experience feelings in the same conscious manner even though the neurochemical signatures are similar.My opinion is that this definition based on conscious understanding is a little specious , as it 's based on an ongoing desire by some to try to define humans out of the context of the natural world ... and to claim that we are categorically better than the other animals . If the neurochemical basis for consciousness is ever discovered we 'll be able to quickly check which animals have this , and I suspect we 'll find that many are conscious . If this is so , then their feelings will be as real as human ones in all senses . 
3	Is Trigonometry considered high school or college level math ? I never took trig . Is it the level after calculus ? In the US , Trig is normally considered as a high school level course , however , it is not a required course to graduate . I believe Algebra is the highest of the high school math courses that are required for graduation , although some schools may still only require Geometry.In the US the typical sequence for math courses is Pre-Algebra , Geometry , Algebra , Trigonometry and then Calculus ( which is usually taken at the high school level as Pre-Calculus , but may also be taken as full `` AP '' Calculus , where the `` AP '' stands for `` Advanced Placement '' and means that the student can get University-level credit for that course when they go to College ) . 
6	Why is there often a mirror in an elevator ? What is the history behind it ? The purpose is functional , but it 's psychological rather than mechanical.Here 's an explanation , from : http : //www.slyasafox.com/book/book_33.html '' In the early industrial age , buildings began to spring up all over the east coast . Many of these new buildings were taller than anything ever built before and most had elevators . As buildings got taller and taller , more people began to use elevators . Elevators in those days were pretty darn slow . People were constantly complaining about how slow the elevators were . Elevator companies were challenged with this problem and came up with the typical problem statement elevators move too slow . So they went off to design elevators that were faster and safer , but at the time it was very expensive to do so . Several companies went off and running to build a safer and faster elevator , and one elevator company proposed a different problem statement . They may have had a different name for the approach , but they were using the fundamentals of the �est problem statement tool . One engineer said , I think our elevator speeds are just fine , people are crazy . Then an engineer proposed that they work on a different problem statement . He proposed that the problem was people think elevators move to slow . He inserted two words people think into the problem statement which allowed the design team to approach the problem from a completely different angle and thus a whole new set of ideas . Instead of concentrating on larger motors , slicker pulley designs and such , they concentrated on the passenger in the elevator.When they looked at the problem from this angle , the ideas started to snowball . Is it really too slow ? Why do they think it is slow ? How can we distract them ? How can we make it more comfortable ? Are customers scared of heights ? This lead to some first hand customer research . They found that a lot of people thought the elevators were a lot slower then they actually were . They also discovered that people had an exaggerated sense of time because they had nothing to do but stare at the wall and think about the safety of the elevator being suspended in the air , and preoccupied with the fear of falling . t room for additional equipment of any sort , so they brainstormed on that . This lead to the idea of mirrors in elevators so people would think about something else besides danger . Was their hair combed properly ? Did her makeup look okay ? By installing mirrors in the elevators , people became distracted and were no longer preoccupied with the fear of falling . On a follow up survey , customers commented how much faster the new elevators were even though the speed was exactly the same . The elevator design itself had not changed at all . '' 
1	Can someone explain the theory of e=mc2 ? I have forgotten what this means . In general it means that in a very high speed ( also apply for low speed but hard to measure ) , a Mass turns into Energy and vise versa . The conversion rate is C2 ( C square ) . 
9	Why can Bush get away with misinforming us about intelligence , then use that as reason for war ? Why can Bush get away with misinforming us about intelligence and then using that as reason for war ? Because the American public is more willing to forgive presidents that do n't project themselves as smarter then them . Its similar to how Oliver North and the Irancontra scandal in the 80 's did not affect Reagan 's popularity , but how Clinton 's `` lies '' about Monica almost resulted in impeachment . In a way , this may be Bush 's genius , that he understands what lies Americans are willing to accept , and not accept . 
3	where did term `` tie the knot '' come from ? what 's the origin of the notion of marriage as `` tying the knot ? '' Bed frames used to be sprung with rope . To make a marriage bed you needed to 'tie the knot ' 
5	How can the Chicago Cubs break their curse ? The lovable Cubs need to win the big one ! Do what the Red Sox did . Fire the coach from last year , trade your best player , and get a long haired guy to bat 1st . 
7	What 's the cheapest source for ordering DVDs from Asia ? What 's the cheapest source for ordering DVDs from Asia ? I do n't know if this is the cheapest option , but I use the site YesAsiahttp : //us.yesasia.com/en/index.aspxfor my Asian DVD & CD needs . You often have a choice of region format , and its cheaper than buying it in some store . 
5	Why are there 5 rings in the Olympics symbol ? What does it represent ? I heard few theories about it but not sure what is the correct one The 5 rings were introduced at the the 1920 games in antwerp games . The rings included at least one color from the flag of every participating country . 
5	What is the over/under for wins by the 49ers this season ? How many wins do you guys think the 49ers will get this year ? What is a good number ? At Tradesports.com the contract has been set at the 49ers getting more than 4.5 wins , and it 's trading at slightly less than even odds for that . 4-12 seems a good guess . 
3	What was James Bond 's wife 's name ? I seem to be having my temporary memory lapse and ca n't seem to be recollecting my deceased wife 's name . Can someone help ? & # xd ; < br > < br > -- 007 In the movies , James Bond gets Married at the end of `` On Her Majesty 's Secret Service '' , but unfortunately his wife dies very soon thereafter when the bad guys shoot her while trying to gun down James . Her name was `` Contessa Teresa 'Tracy ' Di Vicenzo Bond '' , she was played by Diana Rigg.I 've never read the books , so I do n't know if he every married in the books . 
6	How do I take my money out of 401k without penalty ? If I change a job , and roll my 401k into an IRA , can I then take money out of the IRA to fund my childrens education without the penalty ? You can withdraw the money for childrens higher education . Details : Higher education expenses . Even if you are under age 59½ , if you paid expenses for higher education during the year , part ( or all ) of any distribution may not be subject to the 10 % additional tax . The part not subject to the tax is generally the amount that is not more than the qualified higher education expenses ( defined later ) for the year for education furnished at an eligible educational institution ( defined later ) . The education must be for you , your spouse , or the children or grandchildren of you or your spouse . 
5	What are the rules around who can throw the ball in football ? Usually it is the quarterback , but during an option play it can be someone else . Can anyone throw the ball if they are behind the line of scrimmage ? Or are there just a few players who are allowed to ? As long as a player is behind the line of scrimmage , they can throw the ball . So to answer your question , anyone can throw the ball . 
3	What is the history of seeing eye dogs ? What is the history of seeing eye dogs ? here is an article that I 've found : '' Long before there was ever an established guide dog program was developed , dogs have been aiding the blind . A wooden plaque from the Middle Ages portrays a dog leading a blind man with a leash . The first actual attempt to train dogs to aid the blind was made in 1780 at Les Quinze-Vingts hospital for the blind , in Paris . In 1788 , Josef Riesinger of Vienna was able to train a dog so well that people often doubted that he was blind ! ... '' 
6	If I lose lots of money in stock in one year , can I carry the negative capital gain forward ? How does that work and how many years can I carry forward ? You can keep dumping every year upto a net loss of $ 3,000.00 
6	What are the steps required to edit , publish and distribute a book ? I have a book that Ive being writing for sometime now , and I think that I would like to try and publish it Publishing a book is a lot of hardwork . It takes 2 years sometimes for first timers . See URL below for broad steps . Steps differ based on what kind of books one would try publishing . 
1	When can a common man fly to moon ? My realtor wants to list the craters on the MLS listings . Virgin Galactic is offering this `` as soon as 2008 '' for the low price of 100 million USD . Realistically , it will probably take more than a few years to ramp up tourist missions to the moon , especially if no one is signing up ... 
6	Condo/townhouse pricing in San Jose , CA What is the average price for a condo/townhouse in San Jose I recently came across a site that offers some pricing information for the silicon valley : 
0	How does the Pope get his name ? < br > There are many different names . Who decide what will be the next Pope 's name ? He selects it himself . 
1	How long does take a space craft to get from the Earth to the Moon ? astronomy . I would like to know how many days hours , or weeks it would take to get to the Moon from Earth . It depends on what you are sending . The Apollo missions were the last set of *manned* missions to the moon , and here is the travel time : Launched : 16 July 1969 UT 13:32:00 ( 09:32:00 a.m. EDT ) Landed on Moon : 20 July 1969 UT 20:17:40 ( 04:17:40 p.m. EDT ) It took about 4 days to get there . Rocket technology has not change too much since then so you can expect that getting people to the moon at this point would take about the same amount of time.If you are dealing with a non-human payload , you may be able to cut down time , both because it is likely lighter , and because you do n't need to worry as much about damaging G-forces.I 've included a link that has the history of all missions to the moon , manned and unmanned . 
1	At what level are math olympiads held for Kids ? Do math olympiads begin at Elementary level or at Middle or at High school ? The official math olympiad competition is really more for high school students and the organization ( math assocn of america ) hosts a number of competitions that determine whether students will qualify to take the math olympaid tests.The org also hosts a number of other competition for other students from jr. high and below but those are separate . 
0	Can anyone list the short name of the common names ? For examples , & # xd ; < br > < br > Bill = William , & # xd ; < br > Dick = Ricard Al - Albert , Alfred , AlanBob - Robert Beth - Elizabeth Bill ( y ) - William Cathy - Catherine Chris - ChristopherDeb ( bie ) - Deborah , Debra Dick ( y ) ( ie ) - Richard Don ( nie ) ( y ) - DonaldDom - Domenic , Dominic Ed ( die ) ( dy ) - EdwardFred ( dy ) ( die ) - FrederickJim ( my ) ( mie ) - James Joe ( y ) - Joseph Kate - Katherine Kim - Kimberl ( e ) y Larry - Lawrence Liz - Elizabeth Maggie ( y ) - Margaret Margy ( ie ) - MargaretMatt ( y ) ( ie ) - Matthew Mike - Michael Nick - Nicholas Peggy - Margaret Phil - Phillip/Philip Pete - Peter Rick ( y ) - RichardRay - Raymond Ron ( ny ) ( ie ) - Ronald , Veronica Steve - Steven , Stephen Tina - ChristinaTim ( my ) - Timothy Tom ( my ) - ThomasTory ( ie ) - Victoria Will ( ie ) ( y ) - WilliamVic - Victor Vin ( nie ) ( ny ) - VincentVal - Valerie 
5	Do all professional athletes do steroids now ? What is the common thought here ? I would say a good majority are , but the question is whether the steroid is considered a performance enhancing steroid or not . Andro was legal while Mark McGuire was using it , but subsequently banned . BALCO was reported to manufacture steroids that are desgined to avoid being detected during testing . 
0	Why is Dick a shortened version of the name Richard ? There does n't seem to be a consensus on this . From http : //www.searchforancestors.com/surnames/origin/d/dick.php : `` It may come from the Dutch Dyck , a bank or dike , a bulwark thrown up in the Low Countries against the sea or rivers to prevent inundation . `` According to http : //www.mybirthcare.com/favorites/M/English/meaning.asp ? name=Dick '' Rhyming nickname from medieval times . Richard 'strong ruler ' was shortened to Rick then rhymed to Dick . `` I trust `` The Straight Dope '' in all things , and according to them , over the years `` Dick '' has meant `` a riding whip , an apron , abbreviation for `` dictionary , '' a policeman , a declaration , and ( of course ) , the penis . '' http : //www.straightdope.com/mailbag/mspotteddick.html 
8	How do you know if you 're in love ? Is it possible to know for sure ? In my experience you just know . It 's a long term feeling of always wanting to share each new experience with the other person in order to make them happy , to laugh or to know what they think about it . It 's jonesing to call even though you just got off an hour long phone call with them . It 's knowing that being with them makes you a better person . It 's all of the above and much more . 
1	what is the cause for headaches i have a really bad one now so wondering There are several possible causes for headaches . According to a Chiropractor friend of mine , dehydration is a major cause . For example , too many Margaritas one night can leave you seriously dehydrated , hung over and with a headache the next day.Other causes are stress , allergies , etc . Dr. Hoffman 's reference below explains some of these in detail . 
9	Why did n't anyone send more buses to the Superdome earlier ? The whole Katrina/New Orleans thing has been bungled on so many different levels it boggles the mind . But one issue , in particular , simply blows me away every time I think about it : & # xd ; < br > < br > Why did it take so long to send buses to get folks out of the Superdome and Convention Center ? ! & # xd ; < br > < br > We move 50-60,000 people out of stadiums literally every day in America . And given the road to the Superdome remained open , at least as I understand it , I simply ca n't comprehend why 2000 buses were n't sent to New Orleans within 1-2 days . & # xd ; < br > < br > While that may seem like a lot of buses , it 's not much more than the number of school buses and public buses in most major cities . So why were n't all buses in cities commandered and sent into action as `` rescue vehicles '' . & # xd ; < br > < br > Does anyone have a cite to an article that specifically addresses that issue ? I do n't have an article , but I was listening to NPR last night , and the commentator was saying the evacuation was really bungled due to an organization and communication problem . No one took charge and said , hey I 'm running the show , get 2000 buses and send them down , because no one felt they were in charge . FEMA , State & local police , National Guard , all were not sure what the other guys were doing and so waited for overall direction , which never really came . 
7	What is the best YMU-compatible mp3 player out there ? I have an iPod photo 30GB but am considering selling it to switch to Yahoo ! Music Unlimited . Any recommendations on the best players that are compatible with the subscription service YMU ? Looking for similar 30GB capacity . Color and ability to capture / show digital photos like the iPod photo would be desirable features . You should definitely check out Creative 's new Zen Vision . I do n't have that model ( it 's new ) , but I have the Creative Zen Micro and like it a lot . 
1	what are gamma ray bursts ? i heard about those , but have just a vague understanding about them . The source of Gamma Ray bursts is currently unknown . They are a surprising phenomenon because gamma rays are so powerful that very few events could cause them . They have also only been recently discovered by projects like the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory , and appear to be coming from all directions , not just in the galactic plane.This would indicate a phenomenon that has extra-galactic origins ... for example , activity inside of an active galactic nuclei , or quasars.Because they happen at random intervals , abd are ephemeral ( often just a few seconds ) , and the `` scopes '' used to capture them are not tightly directional , we do n't have any instruments currently that can figure out exactly what they are . For now that means , the best we can do is hypothesize based on what cosmic events we believe are of the appropriate magnitude to tigger gamma rays . 
1	Why 's watching Television so addictive ? Whereas reading books is n't in general ( no doubt there are some avid readers but I am talking about the majority ) . I 'd say that TV is more popular than books because it is multimedia and much more closely matches how we normally take in information . TV is video and audio . You can see and hear it and thus more information can be squeezed into a short amount of time while also giving a much richer experience . Next time you 're watching TV , consider how much you would have to write just to completely describe a single frame.Last , TV is also much easier because it 's a passive medium . Reading requires your brain to work harder to both read the words and then interpret them into visuals . TV is already visual and can be watched with much less focus & energy . 
5	What is the origin of the name 'Soccer ' ? The rest of the world call this game 'football ' , which is self explanatory ... In the early days of this game , an association was set up in England to codify the rules . The game was sometimes referred to as `` association football , '' probably to distinguish it from other variations . `` association '' was abbreviated to `` assoc. , '' so the game was nicknamed `` soccer . `` Since the term `` football '' was already used in the U.S. to describe a different game , the name `` soccer '' stuck here . 
1	What 's the capital city of Bolivia ? Just catching up with the latest geography. & # xd ; < br > < br > [ expecting an email notification when this question expires ] Sucre is the legal capital , though the government sits in La Paz 
1	Why is it so foggy in San Francisco ? It is n't as foggy as you might think . Spring and Fall are quite temperate , and San Francisco is renowned for it 's `` Indian Summer '' in September . However , Mark Twain had a point when he said `` The coldest Winter I ever spent was Summer in San Francisco . `` This is because the warm air from inland ( where it gets quite hot in the Summer ) clashes with the cold air from the surrounding Pacific Ocean and the SF Bay . When that happens , fog forms . Further explanation from http : //kids.earth.nasa.gov : `` At night , the ground surface cools by radiating heat to space . Air near the ground cools to the dew point temperature , causing water in the air to condense . `` Sure it 's cold , but fog can be quite beautiful and atmospheric . Just look at the pictures on http : //www.goldengatephoto.com/sanfran/thefogrollsin.html Lovely ! 
2	Why does it seem that most of the diets do n't work on over weight people ? I think that the main reason is that obese people should be treated as drug addict . The main problem is that both obese and drug addicts have habits that causing them to either eat or do drug . Both of them also have physical addiction that needed to be treated accordingly . Only after facing those two major factors it will be the time for diets . Another major issue is that the society actually unknowingly supports obesity ; let me give you an example- today in the US , an obese person can claim disability and get welfare . By that , the government actually encourages obesity . Why would someone even try to get better ? Authorities should condition those allowances : if you lose weight over a specified period you will continue getting it . If you did not lose weight you lose the allowance.We should always keep in mind that obesity costs a lot more then just the allowance that the obese person gets . There is the health costs , taxes lost and so on.I say- do what you can to leave healthy life , and don ’ t give up 
6	Which car and house insurance company is recommended in California ? And with which one you had a bad experience ? Costco gives some of the best rates . The service is very good , too . There was this time when I could n't start my car . Since it 's a certain European car , it could n't be jumpstarted by a friend 's car . Only a tow truck had enough power to jumpstart it . I called the Costco auto assitance . Not only did they send a tow truck quickly , but they also called to follow up on whether the problem was fixed or not . Highly recommend it ! 
1	how do Elephants communicate ? There make very low frequency sounds that we can not hear . They also make sounds that we do hear and it is because they what other animals to hear it . 
9	How come the usage of alternate power generators is not more prevalent in a state like Californi One would expect that it would be of an interest of states to have alternate resources . California electricity is generated by several sources , including hydroelectric , wind , geothermal and nuclear ( in addition to the more traditional natural gas ) . The question is why these other sources are n't used more , and the answer is that historically , they 've either been more expensive or have environmental risks of their own ( esp . for nuclear ) . As petroleum and natural gas sources start to get used up , and world demand for energy increases , the cost of electricity from natural gas will go up and the other sources will become more cost effective and more prevalent.Incidentally , solar power is another source used in California , but it 's provided by individuals , not power companies . If your house has solar power and you have the right equipment , you can sell your surplus electricity to the power company and your electric meter will literally run backward . 
1	Why is water transparent ? Water is transparent cause it was meant to be like that . 
3	Why do all zippers have `` YKK '' on them ? ykk is a big manufacturer of zippers 
0	When do you use a semicolon instead of a colon ? While historically the use of the semicolon and colon were similar , modern usage seems to be diverging , with semicolons indicating breaks slightly stronger than commas and colons introducing lists and explanations . Semicolons have always been used in a manner very similar to commas , but with greater `` weight . '' That is , the semicolon introduces greater breaks in the sentence , dividing clauses which are longer and more independent , while commas are reserved for short pauses and for separating lists of short items.Continuing up the continuum , colons are `` weightier '' than semicolons , but less so than periods . They introduce a break which is longer or more important than that introduced by semicolons , but not as final as periods . Colons separate clauses which can stand as independent sentences grammatically , while semicolons can also be used for non-sentential clauses.However , in modern writing the colon is rarely used in this role as glorified semicolon . The colon has developed a specific semantics as a break separating an introduction from an explanation . For example , the colon is used after the salutation in formal letters . It is used to introduce quotes , separating the source from the quoted text . A colon is used to introduce a list , included bulleted lists . A colon is used to separate the parts in a multipart title , such as `` Reading Lolita in Tehran : A Memoir in Books '' or `` Good to Great : Why Some Companies Make the Leap ... And Others Do n't '' . 
1	Why do people amputate dogs tail ? What is the reason that some types of dog are considered to be better off with out their tail ? There are a couple of reasons why this was done a few decades ago . Dogs with curved tails are known to be chasing flies and fleas that got on their tails . Owners of the dogs found this a nuisance that all of a sudden a dog would keep chasing its tail for several hours in a week . Due to this dogs forgot their `` job '' which was to guard sheep , or pull carts , etc.Secondly , certain dogs go very wild if we pull their tails , even if its done playfully . They simply get mad at you , bite you or even kill you , if you are small . Since little children always found it playful to pull the tails of the dogs and this meant a potential danger to their lives , the owners cut their tails short . Ever thought of the word CUR-TAIL ? : - ) 
1	How come stars are generally round ? re there any square stars in the galaxy ? Largely because of the massive amounts of gravitational force involved . A sphere is the only sustainable shape when talking about forces of that magnitude . Stars are incredibly dense towards their core , and over billions of years the matter will coalesce in a sphere like shape . 
4	What is the best relational database ? http : //www.oracle.com/http : //www.mysql.comwww.mysql.org Define `` best '' . Oracle is like a BMW . Expensive but has all the fixings . But not everyone needs a BMW . MySQL is like a VW Beetle ( the old model ) . Its cheap , and gets you where you need to go . But you have to tweak it to suit your needs . 
1	Why do we yawn ? How is it contagious ... Found an interesting article on this ... Yawning is a unique breathing act , which is different from the usual practice of breathing . During yawning , the mouth involuntarily opens due to the spasm of mastoid muscles . These spasms , without your permission , force you to take a deep breath . It also involves many other muscles of your body , such as abdominal muscles . Lung ventilation increases , sending oxygen to the brain . Extra blood is pushed from the liver and spleen to the brain stem . During yawning , intellectual activity stops and for a moment we can not think . We usually start yawning when we are very tired , before sleep , when we are too excited , or extremely serious . There is a yawn center in our brain that makes this act a reflex like coughing or swallowing . The yawning reflex is very contagious , forcing people to imitate it . This phenomenon even has a fancy name : alolomimea . Yawning can be easily conditioned to become a bad habit . If you fight the urge to yawn , it will return in a similar situation . Yawning is what your body develops to get a “ time out ” to recharge for a brief moment . It is a signal that we are running out of gas , it is a signal to rest . This is a great compensatory mechanism , without which we would drop into sleep suddenly without warning , as in patients with narcolepsy . 
1	Which cat has the largest variety of prey ? In Africa , a pride of lions ( male : ~400 lbs , female : ~280 lbs ) pretty regularly hunt wildebeest ( 440-600 lbs ) , although they usually go after the sick or young ones . Occasionally , they can take down a giraffe ( 2420-4250 lbs ) , but this does n't happen often . Elephants ( 11,000 lbs ) and rhinos ( 2500 lbs ) are just a little dangerous to be bothered.In Asia , tigers can take down a water buffalo ( 1800-2600 lbs ) , although again , they usually go for the sick or young ones.These are the cats with the largest prey . 
1	Why can I see myself in a mirror ? When a mirror is hit by particles of light called photons , it reflects the photons back to us . When photons hit a smooth surface like a mirror , they bounce back off of the mirror at roughly the same angle at which they hit the object , creating a reflection that looks the same . 
5	Where is the best place to cycle in San Francisco ? Around the Embarcadero and into the Presidio , then aound Ocean Beach and back through GG Park . 
8	where is the best place to look for love ? It might be easy to use the internet- there are many good matching web sites that can help 
5	what is the number one formula one car ? The McLaren MP4-20 is considered to be the strongest car . When it does n't break down it beats the Renault handily . The Renault is the best balance this year between performance and reliability . I think the vast majority of F1 journalists consider the McLaren to be the strongest car , even the Renault F1 team admits that McLaren 's car is better . 
5	Number one formula one driver ? Depends on your question.Kimi Raikkonen won more races than FA in the 2005 season , and many , including myself , believe him to be the best.Michael Schumacher has won an unprecedented seven world driving championships and has shown no signs of losing the edge ( his car this year was handicapped by tire rules and their supplier ) . He also has by far the most wins of any racing driver for all of time.Fernando Alonso Diaz is the champion for 2005 but all signs pointed to a heated battle for 2006 . But as the WDC , he does get to wear the # 1 on his car for the 2006 season . 
1	Why do I Sound Different When I Hear My Own Voice ? Why do i sound different when I listen to my own voice on the answering machine or tape recorder ? Specifically , `` when you speak you hear yourself not only through your ears , but also through the bones and tissues of your head ( i.e. , internally ) '' . 
0	What type of fresh-cut Christmas tree lasts the longest ? Fir trees . Their more expensive but it 's really worth because it lasts longer . 
1	what are the base colors ? Those few colors that you can create all the rest of the colors out of their mix There are two kinds of primary colors : those you get by combining light ( these are called `` additive '' ) and those you get by mixing pigments ( these are called `` subtractive '' ) . As many computer users know , the additive colors are red , green , and blue . Traditionally , the subtractive colors were red , yellow , and blue . But more technically , they are magenta , yellow , and cyan ( a kind of blue ) . 
7	Who is Earth-2 Superman and how is he different from regular Superman ? Why are there two Supermen and why is one older than the other ? It 's relatively simple . Back in 1961 , DC Comics revealed that all of their Golden Age ( c. 1939-1945 ) characters had lived on a different Earth from their Silver Age ( c. 1956-1970 ) characters . Some characters ( Batman , Robin , Wonder Woman ) were virtually the same on each Earth , while others ( The Flash , Green Lantern , the Atom ) were radically different . Earth 2 's Superman was slightly less powerful than Earth 1 's , mostly adhering to the classic `` Faster than a speeding bullet , more powerful than a locomotive , able to leap tall buildings in a single bound '' description . Earth 1 's Superman could travel faster than light , juggle planets , and had a host of super powers including super-breath , super-ventriloquism , and super-hypnotism . Earth 2 's Superman eventually married Lois Lane and became the editor of the Daily Star before ( temporarily ) disappearing in 1985 's `` Crisis on Infinite Earths . '' Earth 1 's Superman finished his adventures in Alan Moore 's `` Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ? , '' a two-parter than wrapped up and resolved some 30 years of continuity . Both Supermen were supplanted by John Byrne 's 1985 reboot of the character , which was intended to simplify that continuity and start over from scratch.Earth 2 's Superman has reappeared twice since `` Crisis ; '' once in 1999 's `` Kingdom Come , '' and most recently in 2005 's `` Infinite Crisis . '' What his role is in this maxiseries is undetermined as of this writing . Earth 1 's Superman has yet to reappear , but longtime fans can always hope . 
9	How do you become a judge on the Supreme Court ? What are the necessary qualifications and the process to get on the high court ? There are nine seats on the United States Supreme Court . You must be nominated by the President of the United States , and confirmed by a majority in the U.S. Senate . Justices are appointed for life ( except in cases of retirement or impeachment ) .It is not necessary for that person to have experience as a judge ( George W. Bush 's nomination of Harriet Miers http : //news.search.yahoo.com/news/search ? ei=UTF-8 & fl=0 & fr=slv5- & p=harriet+miers+ % 22supreme+court % 22is not the first time a non-judge has been nominated ) , just a solid legal mind . Generally when a President chooses a nominee , he will look for someone whose ideals and worldview match his own . Gerald Ford famously did not make an idealogical choice when he appointed John Paul Stevens ( http : //www.supremecourthistory.org/04_library/subs_volumes/04_c11_f.html ) and in subsequent years was rather disappointed at some of Stevens ' decisions . There is a lot more information at the official Supreme Court site : http : //www.supremecourtus.gov/ 
1	What is the oldest evidence of life ? Some evidence of photosynthesis was found on rocks in Greenland dating from 3.7 billion years ago . Danish researchers reached that conclusion analyzing the relative abundance of uranium and thorium in some rocks , and the high abundance of uranium in those suggests that there was oxygen present . Their conclusion was that microorganisms like present day cyanobacteria were converting sunlight to chemical energy through oxygen-producing photosynthesis . 
7	Where did the band , The Dismemberment Plan , get their name from ? Straight from Travis Morrison ( singer and guitarist ) himself : '' It ’ s from the movie Groundhog Day . There ’ s a guy who chases after Bill Murray and tries to keep selling him different types of insurance and 'the dismemberment plan ' was one of them . It just stuck . '' In another interview , Morrison admits that when you 're young , you think things are incredibly funny when , in reality , they 're not THAT funny . Considering all the nicknames they earned , I think it was a rather witty , catchy band name . Best , ` k . 
7	What does 'zig ' refer to in the All Your Base clip ? You all remember that `` All Your Base Are Belong to Us '' internet phenomenon from early 2000 . I recently saw it again and read the game transcript . What could the ( poor ) Japanese-English translator possibly have been trying to communicate with the word `` Zig '' ? & # xd ; < br > < br > Cats : You have no chance to survive make your time. & # xd ; < br > Cats : HA HA HA HA ... . & # xd ; < br > Captain : Take off every 'zig ' ! ! & # xd ; < br > Captain : You know what you doing. & # xd ; < br > Captain : Move 'zig'. & # xd ; < br > Captain : For great justice . the enigmatic and poorly translated introduction to the American port of Zero Wing is equal parts confusing and hilarious . what in the world could a & quot ; zig & quot ; be ? well , it would seem that the word & quot ; zig , & quot ; unfortunately , is not yet another perplexing term lost in translation . according to sites actually dedicated to reviewing the game in spite of its connections to the & quot ; all your base are belong to us & quot ; phenomena , the word & quot ; zig & quot ; is actually a made up name for the fighter plane you pilot throughout the game . think & quot ; x-wing & quot ; and you 're on the right track. & quot ; Take off every zig ! ! & quot ; likely meant that every zig fighter needed to take off to battle the mysteriously robotic villian of the game , known only as & quot ; Cats. & quot ; 
0	What is the best way to learn chinese ? Do those Pimsleur cds really work ? any other recommendation ? The best way is to be born in china : D 
0	Why is it considered unlucky to open an umbrella indoors ? Possibly because African royalty used umbrellas as protection from the sun , and opening one in the shade was considered an insult to the sun god . Opening it indoors was also taboo . 
3	What is the name of the second US astronaut to land on the moon ? Edwin Eugene ( Buzz ) Aldrin Jr '' On July 20 , 1969 , Aldrin became the second human being to set foot on the moon . He was joined Neil Armstrong on the surface for two hours of ceremonies and moon rock collecting . '' 
3	Which singer has the largest number of records I think that it is Bruce Springsteen 
3	What animal laid the largest eggs ? Eggs are laid by birds and cold-blooded reptiles . The largest eggs by far were laid by dinosaurs . 
1	Can water be hotter then 100 Celsius degrees ? I 've found a nice web page that support the first answer 
0	Why do we only drink eggnog during Christmas ? Eggnog is a popular wintertime drink . We do not serve eggnog only during Christmas . It is also popular on New Year 's day and some serve it on Thanksgiving . 
6	What 's a good home based business ? I would recommend starting with something you enjoy , find a wholesale supplier or make the goods/services yourself , and setup a store with eBay . This is really quick and easy ( AKA : cheap ) to start . If you do n't know exactly what you want to do it is a good way to see how it will work without a huge investment . If you are successful in that marketplace you can take it to the next level and expand into a more traditional business model with less risk ! Try playing around with writing a business plan and see what your risk and financial tolerance is . The link below is a good tool for planning a new eBay business , I would recommend you check this out first ! 
4	what is a tag , and why is it being hailed by some people as the greatest thing since sliced bread ? i 've been using tags in products such as delicious , my web 2.0 , and flickr ... but how do i explain the significance of tagging to somebody like my mom ? what does it all mean ? Tags are like post-it notes that readers of the content leave behind for other readers . They give clues to the context and meaning beyond a simple description . They 're like finding notes in a text book scribbled by a previous owner . You can usually gain insight into the material based on those notes . Now imagine there is a cross-reference of all those post-its and margin notes . More than one person can add their own post-it . You can easily find the most popular `` post-its '' thanks to an index of all of them . This is where the real power of tagging lies -- in the weight and meaning these agreed-upon notes give.Of course , context is everything . Next time you 're together , show her MyWeb2.0 and del.icio.us in action . Show her how the information is sliced and diced -- most recent , most popular , most frequently used tags . I find my parents only get these new paradigms when I show them to them in context . 
1	What is the maximum number of identical stones so that after a look-alike is added ... ? ... you will need to scale them at most three times to identify the look-alike one . Note that you do n't know if the look-alike stone is lighter or heavier than the rest . The answer is 9 stones ( or maybe more ) . After adding a look-alike to 9 stones , there will be 10 . Name them ABCDEFGHIJ . `` ABC < DEF '' means `` the stones ABC as a group weigh less than the stones DEF . `` Weighing 1 . Weigh ABC vs. DEF.If ABC < DEF : -- Weighing 2 . Weigh ABC vs . GHI. -- -- If ABC < GHI , the look-alike must be light and among ABC. -- -- Weighing 3 . Weigh A vs . B. -- -- -- If A < B , the look-alike is A. -- -- -- If A=B , the look-alike is C. -- -- -- If A > B , the look-alike is B. -- -- If ABC=GHI , the look-alike must be heavy and among DEF. -- -- Weighing 3 . Weigh D vs. E. -- -- -- If D < E , the look-alike is E. -- -- -- If D=E , the look-alike is F. -- -- -- If D > E , the look-alike is D.If ABC=DEF , the look-alike must be among GHIJ. -- Weighing 2 . Weigh G vs. H. -- -- If G=H , the look-alike candidates are I and J. -- -- Otherwise , the look-alike candidates are G and H. -- -- Weighing 3 . Weigh one of the two candidates against A. -- -- -- If they differ in weight , the look-alike is that candidate , otherwise it is the other candidate.If ABC > DEF : -- Weighing 2 . Weigh ABC vs . GHI. -- -- If ABC > GHI , the look-alike must be heavy and among ABC. -- -- Weighing 3 . Weigh A vs . B. -- -- -- If A < B , the look-alike is B. -- -- -- If A=B , the look-alike is C. -- -- -- If A > B , the look-alike is A. -- -- If ABC=GHI , the look-alike must be light and among DEF. -- -- Weighing 3 . Weigh D vs. E. -- -- -- If D < E , the look-alike is D. -- -- -- If D=E , the look-alike is F. -- -- -- If D > E , the look-alike is E . 
9	Does anyone know any Lutheran Church in or nearby Phoenix ? Take your pick : Evangelical Lutheran Church-Grand Canyon Synod4423 N 24th St # 400 , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 957-3223American Ev Lutheran Church1830 W Glenrosa Ave , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 265-2527Christ the Redeemer Lutheran Church8801 N 43rd Ave , Phoenix , AZ ( 623 ) 934-3286Lutheran Church of the Master2340 W Cactus Rd , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 997-7439Good Shepherd Lutheran Church3040 N 7th Ave , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 265-7130Bethel Lutheran Church7310 N 27th Ave , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 995-0629Prayer Garden9849 N 40th St , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 996-4040Ahwatukee Health Resources11002 S 48th St , Phoenix , AZ ( 480 ) 893-3137Mount of Olives Lutheran Church3546 E Thomas Rd , Phoenix , AZ ( 602 ) 956-1620Westridge Lutheran Church8444 W Encanto Blvd , Phoenix , AZ ( 623 ) 849-4327 
7	What movie did Joe Pesci describe kids as `` YUTS '' ? It was from the movie My Cousin Vinny when they were in the courtroom . 
6	Can you imagine seeing more colors ? No , you ca n't ! I mean , what would they look like ? It 's crazy ! I want to be able to see more colors , more than infra-red and ultra-violet ; I 'm not talking about those invisible colors , I 'm talkin REAL colors ! Would n't it be cool if you woke up tomorrow and you could see more colors ? A brand new color ... you could call it `` murple '' so `` purple '' would be easier to rhyme . What would it look like ? I mean ... green kinda looks like blue ... orange kinda looks like yellow ... murple kinda looks like red ? Who knows ? Kinda mind-boggling , is n't it ? : ) Try this one , NO colors , that would be freaky . everything just black or white , no `` in-betweens '' ! 
7	Who is the world 's highest paid actress ? Cameron Diaz briefly surpassed Julia Roberts in 2004 , but Julia is back on top : 
3	Can you recommend a good preschool with childcare around New York ? You do n't specify -- do you mean around Manhattan ? The Urban Baby message boards are a good and very active source of information : http : //newyork.urbanbaby.com/community/messageboards_main.htmlI also like the GoCityKids site : http : //www.gocitykids.com/ ? area=197I 'd recommend contacting moms in your area for recommendations , and touring schools that are near your home . ( GCK can help you find one in your neighborhood . ) Here 's a nationwide roundup of childcare websites : http : //www.babycenter.com/refcap/baby/babychildcare/6104.html 
3	What does `` xoxo '' stand for ? Hugs and kisses . 
2	Does echinacea really help prevent colds ? Or is a waste of money ... Well , there appears to be some controvery about this . While some people swear by the stuff , others say that it has no real effect on overcoming a cold . Here are some links , one of which is from a National Institute of Health study . I hope these help you decide whether to head to the health store or not . 
3	What is the largest city in the world ? What is the larget city in terms of the population and density ? Other lists I 've seen count that 28 mm figure as Tokyo/Yokohama , sprawling outside the city proper . This list of top ten most populous *urban areas* ( the city proper ) puts Tokyo at # 10:1 . Seoul 10.2 million 2 . Sao Paulo 10 million3 . Mumbai 9.9 million4 . Jakarta 9.37 million5 . Karachi 9.3 million6 . Moscow 8.29 million7 . Istanbul 8.26 million8 . Mexico City 8.23 million9 . Shanghai 8.2 million10 . Tokyo 8.1 million 
8	What are the effects of parental favoritism ? From my personal experience , I 've seen parental favoritism cause lifetime effects . My mom 's brother was the favorite- she was the least favored . 50 years later , she still struggles with feeling inadequate and has a hard time trusting people . Because of this , she has a hard time maintaining friendships and family relationships.My grandmother and her sister were treated differently by my great-grandfather . My grandmother was treated as the most special . Her sister was expected to do chores , take care of the family etc . She ended up being the dependable , reliable one because she developed her independence . She also never forgave her father or her sister for their unfair treatment . My grandmother grew up needing others to take care of her.This is a pattern I 've seen . Those that are favored end up developing few of their skills and talents . Many times they grow up becoming more concerned about pleasing other people . And many times they do n't know how to take care of themselves.Those that are disfavored can become strongly independent , but they may also have weaknesses in their ability to trust others and form lasting relationships . What is true is that favoritism has an unhealthy emotional impact on all children , whether favored or not.A good book that deals with this subject is The Emotional Incest Syndrome : What to do When a Parent 's Love Rules Your Life , by Dr. Patricia Love . 
1	what is the biggest number in the world ? infinity and for those people..infinity + 1 , infinity x infinityand infinity ^ infinity 
7	How did Calvin and Hobbes meet ? In the very first strip , Hobbes is caught by Calvin in a tiger trap that is baited with a Tuna fish sandwich . From that strip on , they know each other , so that 's probably the best description of how they met . 
5	where can i find a women 's basketball league to join ? One good resource is to find a local pick-up game that accepts women , and then ask the players if there are any local leagues . Try http : //www.hoopsfinder.com . 
7	What is the best place to get guitar lessons in the South Bay Area ? Looking for a great instructor and relatively affordable price . I have no experience but have a desire to learn . It 's really according to what you are looking for . Certain teachers specialize in acoustic vs. electric ( for example ) . Your best bet is to place a request on a service such as Click For Lessons that will show you several teacher bios and let you decide for yourself . 
1	What is the boot-shaped country found in Southern Europe ? You must be referring to Italy . ... Hope that 's what you 're looking for ! Best , ` k . 
1	What is the only state in the US whose governor has no veto power ? North Carolina . 
5	Which soccer team has won the most European club championships ? that is , Champions League or European Cup competitions ... Real Madrid has won 9 titles , followed by 6 for AC Milan and 5 for Liverpool . 
3	Where can I find information about Superlatives ? I need to find answers to questions such as what is the biggest ... ? What 's the tallest ... ? What is the fastest ... ? , etc . If you want to answer a question like `` What is the tallest mountain on earth ? '' Ask Jeeves ( www.ask.com ) is a good place to start . You can also perform an advanced search on Yahoo ! or Google , putting the phrase in quotes like this `` What ist he tallest mountain on earth ? '' Of course , Q & A can help you , too ! 
1	Why do we get tickled when somebody tickles us and we do n't when we tickle ourselves ? When we tickle ourselves , our mind knows in advance that is supposed to happen . So we develop some sort of a defence to counter the effect of the tickle.When somebody else tickles us suddenly our body is not prepared for that change of state . Even if u hit urself ( not too hard ) it pains lesser than when some body else hits u suddenly . 
5	Why are the San Francisco 49er 's Sucking so Bad Again ? What 's up with the team again ? Offensive line ? Coaching ? 1 . Poor drafting . Between 2000-2006 , the 49ers drafted 55 players . Only 8 starters on offense from all of those draft classes combined , and only four at the 'skill positions ' ( Barlow , Lloyd , Battle and Smith ) .2 . Injuries : 9 guys on IR , including starting Center , starting T , starting FS and SS , starting LB and starting TE.3 . Four different starting QBs this season.4 . Barlow not a difference maker/elite back . His 3.3 yards per carry are actually worse than last year ! 5 . Unimaginative play calling ( other than first game of season ) .6 . 49ers lead the league by a wide margin in number of series that go 3-and-out . This leaves the defense vulnerable . 
1	what is the temperature on the sun and how to calculate the lost of heat per distance from it ? So , what will be the distance from the sun that makes it reasonable to look for life ? You might not have intended it , but your question is a lot more complex than you might have thought . It turns out that the temperature of the sun is a function of how deep into the sun you are , with the surface temperature being about 6000 Kelvins . To make things even more complicated , the Corona of the sun ( which extends in all directions around the sun beyond the surface ) is actually 1,000,000 Kelvins.This fact is well established , but further research is required to understand *why* there is such a huge difference in temperature between the two.Now for the second part of your question : The light intensity of the sun drops off as the inverse square of your distance from the sun . The `` heat '' is another thing entirely , because heat is defined as the average kinetic energy of particles , and photons do n't count strictly in that definition.There are particles that come from the sun in the form of solar wind , and around the region of the Earth , they have a `` temperature '' around 1000k . 
5	Who is going to pick up Terrell Owens after he comes off suspension ? I think Atlanta or Dallas are strong candidates , especially as they make a push towards the playoffs . It 's hard to imagine Terrell in the same locker room with Keyshawn Johnson ( Dallas ) or Michael Vick ( Atlanta ) . The Denver Broncos are more likely to pick him up . 
5	Should T.O . be allowed to play for Eagles or any other team this season ? He deserves the punishment he 's been given . Let him sit it out this year ( and still get paid a ridculous sum of money ) and maybe that will set him straight.Great player , I agree , but calling your teammates out on a regular basis is n't cool . The Eagles did what was right . 
3	What does it take to be a teacher ? The wisdom of Solomon , the patience of Job , the soul of Ghandi , the heart of Mother Theresa and lots of aspirin , coffee and Malox . 
7	What does 4 8 15 16 23 42 _really_ mean ? What do you think it means ? I know its showing up alot on the TV show Lost , so what is it and why do you think it 's everywhere on the show ? Do n't know yet , but lots of wild theories and mathematical approaches being tried ( some , viahttp : //myweb2.search.yahoo.com/search ? p=4 % 208 % 2015 % 2016 % 2023 % 2042 ) : http : //www.d.kth.se/~dicander/lost.htmlhttp : //www.4815162342.com/forum/viewforum.php ? f=3 
2	looking for a good spa in the SF bay area Nob Hill Spa downstairs from the Huntington Hotel . They offer couples massages , and have spa cuisine available next to their lovely pool . 
5	who should I start this week in fantasy football ? Delhomme @ BUF or Brooks @ NYJ ? Both teams have good passing d and both match ups are on the road . Delhomme has a better # 1 receiver in Smith although Horn is healthy and is pretty good in his own right but Brooks has the better # 2 receiver in Stallworth so that balances it out a little . Neither is a great option and it 's a tough call so I think you got ta go with the guy who 's performed better so far this year which is Delhomme . You might want to check the waiver and see if somebody like McMahon - the new Philly QB is available as he 's got a nice matchup this week and could be better than your two current options . 
5	What are the options for volleyball leagues in the south bay and SF ? Prefer Indoor Men 's 6s - A/AA competitive league ora coed , somewhat competitive league ( B/BB ) I would try IVL ( http : //www.ivlinc.com/ ) or City Beach ( http : //www.citybeach.com/sports/sports_volleyball.htm ) 
7	Why was the Passion of Christ a controversial movie ? Jewish people were concerned that the movie would fuel antisemitism . A concerned Rabbi Eugene Korn previewed the film before it came out and made the following statement , '' We are deeply concerned that the film , if released in its present form , will fuel the hatred , bigotry and anti-Semitism that many responsible churches have worked hard to repudiate . `` Another controversial aspect of the movie was its graphically violent depiction of Jesus ' crucifixation . Some Christians were upset that the movie choose to focus on Jesus ' violent death rather than other Biblical themes like the resurrection and his life experiences valuing messages of love , tolerance , and redemption . 
4	how can I recover the security key for my Yahoo ! account ? I had a hard time trying to figure out what my security key was . I do n't even remember ever having one . Yahoo ! HelpYou can get a new password , a Yahoo ! ID reminder , or both . Visit the Sign-in Problems page ( http : //edit.yahoo.com/config/eval_forgot_pw ? new=1 & .done= & .src= & partner= & .intl=us ) and supply some basic verification information , such as your birthday and the ZIP or postal code you provided when you registered . Make sure to provide the same information you gave during registration or when you last updated your account . Without the correct verification information , you will not be able to obtain a new password . You can obtain any other information with Customer Care . 
5	I 'm new to road biking and need a bike under $ 1000 . What frame and parts do you recommend ? I 'd agree with TaraN 's answer . Take the time to really find what you want . Take a lot of extended test rides . You might find that aluminum might be too harsh for you , in which case you might find that steel or carbon might be more comfortable . That 's just one example . Lots of test rides will give you a feel for how the various bikes at a given price point can handle very differently . Without getting into too much tech-speak , you might find that one bike handles a bit more twitchy than another . Think of the difference as driving a Mini Cooper versus a basic sedan . Some bikes are set up more for racing , where you 'll get a quicker handling bike , whereas others will handle a bit more laid back.Parts wise , you 'll find the same component offerings on many of the manufacturers out there for a given price point , as TaraN pointed out . You 'll most likely be getting a bike with Shimano componenets , with perhaps a mix of some of the manufacturer 's own branded components ( for example , Trek outfits their bikes with a lot of Bontrager componentry ) .Focus on the overall ride of the bike . For a $ 1000 , you can get a lot of bike.Wade at The Spokesman in downtown Santa Cruz is a GREAT guy - very helpful , and yes , very patient . He 's very knowledgeable and will set you up right.Also in that same category , I 'd highly recommend seeing Vance Sprock over at Cupertino Bike Shop . He 's just like Wade - he 'll set you up right.Good luck ! 
9	Is there a place where I can see graphs of U.S. National Budget allocations for the last few years ? You can find tables ( not graphs ) of the US National Budget allocations since the 1940 's in a single PDF : http : //www.whitehouse.gov/omb/budget/fy2006/pdf/hist.pdfIf you have your heart set on looking graphs , you can find several from the website for the US House of Representatives Budget Committee : http : //www.house.gov/budget/chartsgraphs.htmYou can also see various budget , deficit and spending statistics , some graphed over time , on the Public Agenda website : http : //www.publicagenda.org/issues/factfiles.cfm ? issue_type=federal_budgetAnd if you want to really veg-out with numbers , try the Financial Management Service 's website ( they 're a part of the US Treasury Department ) . They provide reports ( in PDF and XLS files ) on the receipts , outlays and balances of the US Federal Government . I particularly like the reports on this page : http : //fms.treas.gov/annualreport/index.htmlHope this helps ! 
3	Who said `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ? Plato quoted it : '' Remember how in that communion only , beholding beauty with the eye of the mind , he will be enabled to bring forth , not images of beauty , but realities ( for he has hold not of an image but of a reality ) , and bringing forth and nourishing true virtue to become the friend of God and be immortal , if mortal man may. '' N.B . : `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder . '' 
5	Why does n't college football have a playoff system ? Every year sportswriters and fans complain about how unfair the BCS is , so what 's preventing the various conferences from a playoff system ? - The bowls came first and have to be dislodged- The bowl organizers control larges amounts of money . Some of these monies are given to participating universities and their conferences . Bowl organizers do not want to risk lossing this money . And universities who frequent bowls want to be assured of still receiving the big bucks before switching . Hence bowl organizers are generally against playoffs and univerisities are only luke warm supporters.- Universities like to believe their players are really students ( some actually are ) and not semi-professional atheletes , so they limit the number of games per year . Playing a game takes a lot of the players time preparing and practicing . Also due the physical nature of the game , players need several days to recovery . This limits games to about one every 5 days or so ( about one a week ) . A playoff system would require the two teams meeting for the championship to play and additional 2-4 games depending on the number of teams allowed to participate in the playoffs . 
7	What kind of guitar is that ? What kind of guitar is Joaquin Phoenix playing in the `` Germany '' scenes in Walk the Line ? You can see the one I mean at about 30 seconds and 50 seconds ( the hangar and the music store ) in the trailer on Yahoo ! Movies.It does n't appear to have a standard sound hole , just two curved openings on either side of the strings . It 's almost like an archtop , but I ca n't believe it 's an electric ; that seems out of character and you never see him with an amp.Bonus points , where can I buy one ? Ca n't answer your question exactly , but it looks an awful lot like a Gibson archtop or a Gretsch . You can poke around either of their websites to see guitars that look pretty similar to the one in the picture . There are particular models of Gibson & Gretsch that have the diagonal bridge piece that appears in the movie -- Gretsch calls it a `` chromatic tailpiece '' . I did n't see that Gibson had a particular name for their version but they definitely have guitars sporting that same shape.The one thing I 'll agree with you about is that unless it 's an anachronism ( a modern guitar that does n't belong in the time period depicted in the movie ) , it 's not an electric guitar -- you can clearly see there 's no obvious `` soapbar '' pickup like there would be on an archtop electric guitar ( there are sneaky mics/pickups in acoustic guitars today , but I ca n't believe that was available then ) . 
5	What is a good entry-level road bike to purchase ? I am looking to spend roughly $ 1,500 . For $ 1500 , you 're starting to get out of the `` entry-level '' stage . I have a Trek 1000 and absolutely love it . I 've used it for century rides , triathlons and duathlons no problem . The Trek 1000 was about $ 900 CDN . The only difference in the bikes up to the $ 1500 range is the shifters are usually a little better ( they do n't stretch as easily , which makes shifting cleaner for longer ) . The weight and wheels are basically the same . If you want to trim 30 sec off your race time , you might consider the more expensive bikes . But , you should be an elite athlete to really notice the difference . I 'd go for a $ 1000 bike and spend the rest on pumps ( road and home ) , spare tires , some nice cycling clothes , tools and a bike computer . Maybe even a trainer for home use . 
5	Who holds the single season rushing yards in NFL ? While it is true that Eric Dickerson holds the single season *total* rushing yards record , he accomplished this in a 16-game season . On the other hand , O.J . Simpson is the only player in NFL history to break the 2,000 yard barrier in a single 14-game season . O.J . Simpson gained 143 yards per game in his record-breaking season , while Dickerson only gained 131 yards per game in his . So , the answer depends on whether you are interested in total yards or yards per game . 
6	Should US computer programmers be worried about outsourcing trend to India and other countries ? Yes , not any time soon , but expect the trend to increase as companies find ways to reduce costs . Get into management and your job will be saved . 
1	If light travels faster than sound , then why do we hear sound first and then see picture when we turn on TV ? In most cases , the television needs to 'warm-up ' its cathode ray tube before it can start to display an image on the screen.The audio coils require much less charging time and can start to emit sound sooner than we can see the image on the television . 
3	What is the minimum GPA to get into colleges ? I do n't know what the minimum GPA is to get into colleges . If my GPA is n't that high will I still get in ? I do n't want to go to a community college though . Yeah u can get in to college . A 3.0 is really good my friend . I understand what you are going through.. Then www.gradschool.com is a good source 
6	How do I write a resume ? resume writing can be tricky because not only is it important to be detailed when describing skills and work experience , but it is also advantageous to balance this with brevity . be concise and to the point while packing your resume full of key information that presents your strengths as a candidate for employment.keep it simple , and make sure that formatting does n't take away from a neatly streamlined and cogent resume.below is a link to hotjobs ' resume tips , which i found extremely helpful in this process . 
3	How long is the wall of china ? The Wall stretches over a formidable 6,350 km ( 3,946 miles ) , from Shanhai Pass on the Bohai Gulf in the east , at the limit between China proper and Manchuria , to Lop Nur in the southeastern portion of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region . 
3	Where can I find help about an inventor or invention ? Wikipedia has a list of inventors and invention . Also , about.com has a list of famous inventors . 
4	What should I look for when buying a laptop ? What is the best brand and what 's reliable ? Weight and dimensions are important if you 're planning to travel with the laptop . Get something with at least 512 mb of RAM , built-in wireless , and CD/DVD burner . Dell is a good brand , and has an easy to use site where you can build a custom laptop . 
5	Who is the most famous woman athlete of all time ? And what sport was she famous for ? Historically I believe it would be Babe Didrikson Zaharias , who was a golfer and olympic track star.Answers.com 's bio says : `` Mildred 'Babe ' Didrikson Zaharias was voted the outstanding woman athlete of the century in a 1950 Associated Press poll . Though she gained her greatest professional fame as a golfer , she rivalled Jim Thorpe in her remarkable ability to excel at nearly any sport . She began as a basketball All-American , then won two track and field golds at the 1932 Olympics . Next she turned professional and began touring the country , exhibiting her prowess in track , swimming , tennis , baseball , and even billiards . In 1935 Zaharias took up golf and excelled at that , too , winning 82 tournaments in a 20-year career . She was only 42 when she died of cancer in 1956 . '' 
1	Could a very powerful directional microphone pickup sounds from the past ? In much the same way that a a radio telescope 'sees ' past events , could a very powerful directional microphone pickup sounds from the past ? In a sense , any microphone is picking up sounds from the past , due to the speed of sound . This is similar to what you mentioned with radio telescopes.The main differences are 1 ) velocity -- light moves at about 1 foot per nanosecond while sound moves around 1 foot per 1/1000 second , and 2 ) that sound moving though a medium diffuses quite rapidly . Something really loud , like thunder , you might hear from 20-30 seconds away . For normal , everyday sounds , the delay wo n't be more than maybe a few tenths of a second . 
6	What should I offer for Xmas to my grand'ma ? she is 92 years old How active is she ? If she 's confined or in a nursing home , keep it simple . Make her a photo album or frame a favorite picture . Bring her a favorite treat that she ca n't get on her own . If she can get around , experiences are better than things . Take her to a play or an outdoor concert or to a museum exhibition . If she has a favorite kind of food , treat her to a special meal . The best gift you can give your grandma is time with you ! Visit as often as you can , and promise to do so on a regular basis . 
3	is there a good art school in the San Francisco bay area ? I 'm interested in paintings I visited the SF Art Institute a few years ago with my brother , who was considering an art school for his undergrad work , and we were pretty impressed with the student work and facilities . http : //www.sanfranciscoart.edu/ 
4	What is a motherboard ? from the American Heritage Dictionary : it is `` The main board of a computer , usually containing the circuitry for the central processing unit , keyboard , and monitor and often having slots for accepting additional circuitry . '' 
0	What was the first currency ever used ? The earliest form of currency used was large stones that could be used to get food and meat in exchange - this was during the stone age . Before this there was a barter of goods ( so i am not considering it currency ) Large stones which were round were considered more valuable since they were more difficult to obtainThe first recorded accounts of currency date back to 2000 BCE and silver or metal tokens were used to represent a stored value of grain . Also these were useful to ensure that a shipment of commodities arrived with the same goods that were shippedPaper money was used in the 18th century , but only in the late 18th and through the 19th century was a central monetary authority created in various states that had a virtual monopoly of creating bank-notes that had to be accepted as legal tender everywhere ( Prior to this , the one accepting payments could refuse the payment if it was not in a currency which had been predetermined before the loan or in general use : Note gold and silver were widely used as legal tender ) 
3	Where can I get ideas for our science project ? My daughter gets her science project ideas from infoplease.com . She loves this site . 
1	what are the materials that can be used to produce laser beam ? what are the differences between the those beams ? Materials that form an inverse energy distribution ? Not quite.There are three basic components for getting a laser to work . First , one needs an excitation source ( pumping source ) such as a flashlamp , an electrical spark , etc . Second , one needs a material ( the gain medium ) which can exhibit what 's known as population inversion - the capacity for a material to raise the electron energy level from the lower to the upper energy states . Nearly all materials will exhibit this behavior with some more efficiently than others . Finally , one needs to direct the stimulated energy by using a resonator.There are many combinations of pump sources , lasing materials and optical configurations depending on the intended use . There are solid state ( ruby , Nd : YAG ) , gas ( nitrogen , helium-neon ) and semiconductor ( gallium-arsenide ) lasers that come in a variety of wavelengths ( colors ) to choose from , again , depending on what you want to do with it.Just a little bit of background : My degree is in Physics , and I 've been working in the lasers and electro-optics field for the past 10+ years . You can see what my graduate lab at SDSU looked like at : http : //www.equationlab.com/mtp/quantumblog/about.html 
4	What is the difference between software and hardware ? Hardware is the physical componentry of a computer system . Memory chips , mice , monitors , and keyboards are all hardware . Software is the information stored on the computer , so programs and data are considered to be software . Basically , if you can email it to someone , it 's software . 
1	What is the Arizona river that flows into the Colorado ? Gila River 
1	Is there any proven evidence that Mars at some point in the past had microscopic life ? what supports this theory ? The answer to your question is no . There is no absolutely definitive evidence to date . We do have very strong evidence that significant amounts of water once existed on the Martian surface , and some recent results show that Martian water may still exist below ground , and under heavy packs of ice . There are many scientists who believe that Mars once had a thicker atmosphere , which would have made it a considerably wetter and warmer place . Given this , and the ability for solar system bodies to seed each other via ejecta from large impacts , Mars could very possibly have been seeded by Earth or vice versa many billions of years ago . Still , we 're not sure if life exists or every existed there . The most recent chapter was the recent discovery of methane there . Methane can be created by non-biological processes , but we have not observed the right conditions for this on Mars . Another possible explanation would be a biological origin for the gas , potentially from colonies of microscopic organisms in the soil . Given our current rate of deepening understanding , we will likely solve this mystery sometime in the next 50 years , but as of now we simply do n't have enough evidence to constitute `` proof '' 
5	should i trade Baron Davis and Joe Johnson for Allen Iverson ? my league has PT , RB , AS , ST , BL , 3s , TO , FG % , FT % should i give up Baron and Joe for The Answer and a scrub ? or for Elton Brand and a scrub ? Whenever you can trade 2 good players for 1 superstar player , it is a steal ! Because now it will open up another slot on your active roster and now you can play your other good player that 's always in your bench . But if you do n't have depth , I would n't pull the trade trigger . 
3	What does `` ZIP code '' stand for ? ZIP is an acronym for Zone Improvement Plan , proposed in 1944 by Robert Moon , a postal employee , and finally implemented in 1963 . 
4	What is programming ? Programming is instructing a computer to do something for you with the help of a programming language . The role of a programming language can be described in two ways : 1 . Technical : It is a means for instructing a Computer to perform Tasks 2 . Conceptual : It is a framework within which we organize our ideas about things and processes . According to the last statement , in programming we deal with two kind of things : * data , representing `` objects '' we want to manipulate * procedures , i.e . `` descriptions '' or `` rules '' that define how to manipulate data . According to Abelson and Sussman ( [ ABELSON , 1985 , 4 , ] ) `` ... ..we should pay particular attention to the means that the language provides for combinign simple ideas to form more complex ideas . Every language has three mechanisms for accomplishing this : primitive expressions , which represent the simplest entities with which the language is concerned means of combination , by which compound expressions are built from simple ones , and means of abstraction , by which compound objects can be named and manipulated as units . ''A programming lanugage should both provide means to describe primitive data and procedures and means to combine and abstract those into more complex ones.The distinction between data and procedures is not that clear cut . In many programming languages , procedures can be passed as data ( to be applied to `` real '' data ) and sometimes processed like `` ordinary '' data . Conversely `` ordinary '' data can be turned into procedures by an evaluation mechanism . 
7	What is the oldest magazine that is still in circulation ? Arguably , The Scots Magazine , published first in 1739 . 
2	Do you really need 8 hours of sleep every night ? I 've also heard that it 's bad to sleep more than 10 hours a night . i 've heard several times that the amount of sleep each individual requires is based on a number of factors , some of which include age , weight , and even diet . everyone has different schedules , and each one is independent to one another depending on their own individual health.i 'm not one to set an example , but i average anywhere from 5-7 hours of sleep on a regular basis . sometimes my body requires more , sometimes less , but it seems to balance out and i never feel as though i 'm suffering from lack , or over abundance , of sleep.i 've included a yahoo ! health article to help shed light on some of your own personal sleep habits . 
0	If God is both all loving and all powerful , how can he/she/it allow suffering to exist ? Please , none of those `` it 's beyond our understanding '' answers . I want some real answers here ! Frankly , the answers thus far show a complete lack of understanding of basic theodicy and even the Christian Bible . Assuming that – as a Christian – you buy into Job ’ s tale as at least allegorical , then there is acknowledgement that you can not know the mind of G-d. To attempt to do so is itself blasphemous . To attempt know the mind of G-d is to be G-d , yet we are admonished when G-d responds to Job , not with an explanation for Job 's suffering but rather with a question : Where was Job when G-d created the world ? And it was said : Job 40 1 ¶ And Jehovah answered Job and said:2 Shall a reprover contend with the Almighty ? He who reproves God , let him answer it.3 Then Job answered Jehovah and said:4 Behold , I am vile ! What shall I answer You ? I will put my hand to my mouth.5 Once I have spoken , but I will not answer ; yea , twice , but I will go no further.6 ¶ And Jehovah answered Job out of the tempest and said:7 Now gird up your loins like a man , and I will question you ; and you make Me to know.8 Will you also set aside My judgment ; will you condemn Me so that you may be justified ? 9 And have you an arm like God ; or can you thunder with a voice like His ? 10 Adorn yourself with majesty now , and with grandeur , and clothe yourself with glory and honor ; 11 pour forth the outbursts of your anger ; yea , look on everyone who is proud , and bring him down low ; 12 look on everyone who is proud , and humble him , and trample the wicked in their place ; 13 hide them in the dust together ; bind their faces in darkness.Know that to contend to know G-d is to set yourself above him.A previous answer blasphemed : “ G-d desires that we do not suffer , but as a result of the choices men made we have suffering. ” And also : “ But there is a plan to alleviate the suffering . And that is through redemption. ” Lies . And “ John 3:16 ” ? ! I think that means “ go Broncos. ” An alternative explanation is the easy one : there is no G-d. You either believe that , or you blaspheme in the attempt to understand Him . 
6	Where can you donate an old encyclopedia set ? Any public Library should be able to accept your donation.If you are in the Bay area , Sunnyvale Public Library is the best library to donate.. 
1	What does LASER stand for ? LASER is an acronym forLight Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation 
2	Is there another cure for headaches besides taking pain killers ? If you would like to cure headaches naturally , try to take a lime , cut it into half and rub it on your forehead . The throbbing will go away . This worked for me . 
3	Would it seriously affect my chances of getting into college if I do n't have a high SAT score ? Unfortunately , the answer is `` Maybe '' .If you are trying to get into a top tier school with very selective admissions , then a low SAT/ACT score is virutally a `` kiss of death '' .However , if you are looking at most state univerisities , then a low SAT/ACT score is not too bad . You may have to take a few remedial courses.MOST IMPORTANT ! ! A low SAT/ACT score WILL NOT stop you from going to college . And , in the long run , it really does n't matter very much where you get your undergraduate degree ( as long as the college/university is `` regionally accredited '' ) . For example , a degree in education from ANY regionally NCATE accredited school will get you hired as a teacher . An engineering degree from ANY ABET accredited school will get you hired as an engineer.Enjoy 
6	What 's the market share of GM and Ford together in the USA ? From this article : http : //www.detnews.com/2005/autosinsider/0511/04/A01-369542.htm '' Their [ U.S. automakers ] combined share of the U.S. market shrank to a new low of 52.4 percent last month from 57 percent a year ago and 70 percent in 1999 when American consumers were snapping up light trucks and SUVs . `` It fluctuates more than you would think , but right now ( a 7-year low ) it is a little over 50 % 
1	Why do we get hiccups ? Hiccups are sudden , involuntary contractions of the diaphragm muscle . As the muscle contracts repeatedly , the opening between your vocal cords snaps shut to check the inflow of air and makes the hiccup sound . Irritation of the nerves that extend from the neck to the chest can cause hiccups.Although associated with a variety of ailments ( some can be serious such as pneumonia or when harmful substances build up in the blood for example from kidney failure ) , hiccups are not serious and have no clear reason for occurring . 
4	What are the best ways to incentivise people to answer questions here ? Appeal to their ego ? wallets ? sense of belonging ? or something else ? I think that , though counterintuitive , one of the most effective ways was to limit the number of questions a user can answer per day . A casual user will still answer the 11th question the next day , and more hard-core users will try to answer as many questions as allowed . For this to work , the limit has to be pretty small , at least starting out , so that it is reasonably easy for someone with other commitments to achieve it . Setting a small limit also requires users to choose which questions they most want to answer , which increases the likelihood that their answers will be useful . When more answers are useful , it increases the usefulness of the service , which in turn `` incentivizes '' people to answer questions . And by placing a premium on the number of questions a user can answer per unit time , the likelihood that the user will throw him/herself into it full-throttle but then quickly become bored is also decreased.See my answer to the question , `` Why am I only allowed to answer 10 questions a day here ? `` : http : //answers.yahoo.com/question/ ? qid=1005120801767On the issue of the term `` incentivize '' -- it is shameless corporate-speak , but it describes an impersonal , profit-oriented process . To attempt to use softer language to describe something that is inherently cold , calculating , and opportunistic ( though not necessarily bad or wrong ) would constitute euphemism , and would be both misleading and dangerous . 
6	Does anyone have a recommendation for a good CPA who charges reasonable fees in Indianapolis ? i have used Dunbar , Cook and Shepard and the accountant was very good.As far as the `` reasonable '' part goes , they may have been a bit more than someone down the street , but if they are thorough and save you money-it 's worth it , is n't it ? 
6	Can you recommend a good credit union located in St. Louis ? I joined Meridian ( recently merged with Anheuser Busch Credit Union ) and have been very happy . Financed two cars , have two credit cards , and a personal loan from them . Very easy to do business with and great rates . 
5	What bowl game will Penn State be going to ? What 's the best way to get tickets ? Go Nittany Lions ! The 'Joe Paterno ' Retirement Bowl to be held some place in Florida . 
1	How many U.S. states are named after kings or queens ? Things get a little sticky in the counting process here . See , the Virginias were one until 1863 , so do we count them as one or two ? Officially there was only one Virginia to name at the time , but I think we 're looking to count how many states are named after kings or queens today , in the here and now , right ? So the number I think you 're looking for is 7 ! Georgia - Latin or English - After King George II of England Louisiana - French - After King Louis XIV of France Maryland - English - After Queen Henrietta Maria of England North Carolina - Latin - After King Charles II of England South Carolina - Latin - After King Charles II of England Virginia - Latin or English - The virgin country ( or country of the virgin ) , after Queen Elizabeth I of England West Virginia - Latin or English - The western transmontane , counties of Virginia . See Virginia , above . Unless , of course , we want to squeeze New York in there too , because it was named after the Duke of York , who later became the King of England ... James II , see . I 'll leave that one up to you . Best , ` k . 
3	Should cell phones and PDAs be allowed in school ? Why or why not ? I do n't think Cell Phones and PDAs should be allowed since students may spend lot of time playing with ( and showing off ) the cool features of these gadgets . Also , some features can be misused ( eg . camera phones ) . For communicating during emergency situations , I am sure school phones can be used . 
6	How do you bring up the salary subject during an interview if the interviewer did n't bring it up ? Large companies usually have an HR person coordinating the interview for the hiring manager . In such a situation , its better to bring up the question with the HR person . After the first round of interviews , if you are being called back for further interviews , then I think this is a good time to bring it up with the recruiter . If there is no recruiter involved , then in my opinion you should not bring up the compensation question till you get the sense that you are being seriously considered . The exception in my mind is that if you are trying to make some decisions/choices while interviewing for multiple positions then you can candidly bring it up after your first interview is done . 
7	What is Indie genre ? The basic answer is indie ( or independent ) music is music that is released on smaller labels that operate independently from the mainstream music business.But more often `` indie '' refers to a specific genre of contemporary music that is based on combining aesthetics of classic rock , punk , garage and art rock . I first heard the term indie rock starting to get used in the late 80s to early 90s to describe the music that was popular on college radio stations at the time . I do n't think the definition has changed much since then , but the types of music that fit in this umbrella have become more diverse , both in style and popularity . 
1	Why do human have five fingers and five toes ? According to a column that I read written by Joël Carbonnel , `` Nature has never been able to count above five . `` A researcher has discovered that when the limbs have more than five digits they become distorted into a bow-legged shape which seriously interferes with normal walking or running.http : //www.positivehealth.com/permit/Articles/Regular/joel74.htm 
8	What is the difference betwen a close knit family and extended family ? A close knit family is simply a family that is close -- it could apply to a nuclear family ( mom , dad , kids ) or extended family ( cousins , uncles , grandparents ) .An extended family describes a family unit that extends beyond mom , dad , and kids to include cousins , uncles/aunts , and grandparents . 
7	Who had the shortest celebrity marriage ? Nikki Hilton 's and Renee Zellwegger 's super-short marriages this year got me thinking -- which celebrity had the shortest marriage of all time ? Well , if you overlook one tiny but technical detail ( Zsa Zsa Gabor was still married to husband # 7 ) then Mrs. Gabor 's marriage to husband # 8 was shorter than Britney 's . Britney 's was 48 hours , while Mrs. Gabor 's was just a day . 
6	How can I stop getting junk mail ? I 'm sick of all the pre-approved credit card solicitations , etc ... . Here is a useful link : http : //www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/alerts/optoutalrt.htm 
3	Why do men wear neckties ? I believe it originated in Croatia sometime in the middle ages where it was primarily worn by men to show allegiance to their King . It seems to have gained popularity in France where the French form for Croatia resulted in them being called 'cravat ' . Details in the article . 
9	Where is the nearest US post office in Se 5th Ave , Portland ? 204 SW 5th AVE Portland , OR 97204-1897 Phone : ( 800 ) ASK-USPS Fax : ( 503 ) 294-7892 1020 SE 7th AVE Portland , OR 97214-9998 Phone : ( 800 ) ASK-USPS Fax : ( 503 ) 231-8715 
0	Why do people have the bird , turkey for thanksgiving ? Why this bird ? Any Significance ? It is believed that the pilgrims and indians shared wild turkey and venison on the original Thanksgiving . Turkey 's `` Americanness '' was established by Benjamin Franklin , who had advocated for the turkey , not the bald eagle , becoming the national bird . 
4	How can I record audio directly from the browser to the web server ? For a podcasting application , I 'd like my web server to be able to receive audio straight from the browser . Something like a `` Push to talk '' button . It seems it 's possible to do this with Flash . Is there any other way ? With Flash , do I need to buy a Macromedia server licence , or are there alternatives to have Flash on the browser talk to my server ? Userplane has an audio/video recorder that will do that - you can check it out at http : //www.userplane.com/apps/videoRecorder.cfm 
0	Why do we celebrate Christmas eve ? It has become a tradition in some countries . 
4	Is there a way in MS Excel to have a cell be equal to multiple cells ? e.g.= D3 and D5 , where d3 & 5 are words ? I 'm trying to make a cell that has a list of other cells . e.g . I want my cell to say `` [ d4 's value ] , [ d5 's value ] '' Can I do that ? Right now when I try , Excel spits out the `` # value '' error . Can you help ? Use the CONCATENATE function , with one of the arguments being `` , `` The formula you end up with should look something like this : =CONCATENATE ( D3 , '' , `` , D5 ) 
8	Can you give me tips on how to get over an ex ? Surround yourself with friends , family , people who love you . Go on a trip to clear your head . It does n't have to be expensive , just go camping with some pals or take a day trip to a beautiful outdoor spot . Take up a new hobby . Now is the perfect time to start doing something you did n't have time for before . Exercise . Read humorous and uplifting books ( NO romance novels ! ) . Go to the movies ( NO sequels to movies you saw with your ex ! ) . Buy fresh fruits and vegetables and make a delicious homecooked meal for your best friends . Get out in the world , get some fresh air , stretch your legs . Take some time to get to know yourself and figure out what you want in life.Whatever you do , DO N'T wallow in self-pity at home . DO N'T get drunk and call your ex ! DO N'T write your ex emails begging to take you back . DO N'T hang out in front of your ex 's house hoping to bump into him/her . DO N'T jump into another relationship right away . 
7	Which TV show got higher ratings ? `` Who Shot J.R. ? '' on Dallas or the finale of `` M*A*S*H '' ? The finale of `` M*A*S*H '' : ' '' Dallas , '' by the way , delivered an amazing 53.3 rating and 76 share with its `` Who Shot JR ? '' wrap-up in 1980 . It ranks as the No . 2 show of all time , behind only the 1983 series finale of `` MASH '' ( 60.2/77 ) . ' 
7	Who played Will 's dad on Will and Grace ? Sydney Pollack played Will 's dad . 
3	Why are handicapped bathroom stalls always built at the end of the restroom ? Presumably because they tend to be longer/bigger to accommodate extra space , and the most efficient place to put a larger stall is at the end of the room . ( It would be in the way if it were in the middle . ) 
3	Who said `` Do , or do not . There is no 'try ' '' ? Yoda said that in Star Wars . 
8	How should I act on a date ? Can someone give me tips ? Some fundamentals for men : talk 30-40 % and let her talk the rest of the time . Open doors , pick up the tab , and make eye contact . One big mistake I see guys make , and one that I made back in my dating days , is making the date seem more like an interview . Sure , you want to get to know the person , but that does n't have to be crammed into one night of Q & A . Make an effort to strike up casual conversation , and talk about things that are in the moment . Remember , people evaluate how much they like or dislike you based upon the quality of the experience they have in your presence . If you are able to show people a good time , they will be attracted to you . If you make people feel like they are interviewing for a job , they will not be so keen on another date . ( Watch any episode of Blind Date to find out what NOT to do . ) 
1	How many countries and territories are there in the world ? There are 193 countries in the world . http : //geography.about.com/library/misc/blnationalcapitals.htmThere are 61 territories and 6 disputed territories.http : //www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0762461.html 
1	How far is it to the moon ? Mean Distance of Moon from Earth - 238,712 mi ( 384,400 km ) Greatest Distance of Moon from Earth ( Apogee ) - 252,586 mi ( 406,740 km ) Shortest Distance of Moon from Earth ( Perigee ) - 221,331 mi ( 356,410 km ) 
3	What language gave us the words Kimono and Futon ? Japanese . 
4	What is the best LCD monitor 19 '' -25 '' ? Do n't want to go overboard on budget or features . Just want something better than a 17 '' monitor to work and play with.More interested in quality , performance , ease of use . The answer to this question changes from day to day . Dell flatscreens have a good reputation . If you stay away from the very biggest screens ( 25 '' for example ) you can save a lot of money.SharkeyExtreme ( www.sharkeyextreme.com ) recommends 17 '' LCDs for the most savings ( ~ $ 250 ) . If you want something a little bigger , they suggest the Dell Ultrasharp 2005FPW 20.1 '' LCD . I got one of those myself and it 's gorgeous . I checked www.shopper.com and found one for $ 518 . 
1	What state has its capital at Hartford ? Connecticut 
7	What song that was played whenever they showed the dancing baby on Alley McBeal ? Hooked On A Feeling written by Mark James 
3	What does RSVP stand for ? RSVP is the abbreviation of French répondez s'il vous plaît - please reply . 
6	Where 's a good place to buy a skirt for beneath the Christmas tree ? Walgreen 's had two ugly ones to choose from . Any place have a better selection of skirts to lay down beneath the Christmas tree ? Target has a great selection . You can get plain red felt for $ 4.99 , or a variety of more elaborate ones for a lot more . As always , Target is a great choice ! 
9	Public transportation options in Los Angeles ? I know `` nobody walks in L.A. '' but what if you do n't have a car ? What are my options for getting around L.A. by bus or other public transit ? Los Angeles does have a public transit system , including the Metro Red Line and other light rail . However , if you want to get around without a car , you 'll have to budget significant time ( and I mean significant ) to catch connections and lines . Plus , if you miss a connection you can get stranded ( I have many times ) . Not recommended unless you 're on the main bus or rail lines . Check the MTA site for more info on transportation routes . Also call their help number -- their operators can tell you if a line is particularly problematic ! 
4	What does RSS means ? It means Really Simple Syndication or Rich Site Summary . Dave Winer has a claim to the paternity . 
7	What do you think of the Maury Povich Show ? it 's cool - much better than sally jesse . plus connie is hot . 
9	How come it seems like Lottery winners are always the ones that buy tickets in low income areas. ? Pure luck or Government 's way of trying to balance the rich and the poor . I would put it down to psychology.People who feel they are well-off feel no need to participate in the lottery programs . While those who feel they are less than well off think `` Why not bet a buck or two on the chance to make a few million ? '' . It would seem to make sense to me.addition : Yes Matt - agreed . I just did n't state it as eloquently . Feeling 'no need to participate ' is as you say related to education , and those well off tend to have a better education . 
5	which was the best national team ever in a FIFA World Cup ? In my opinion , Brazil in 1970 ( followed by Brazil 82 , Netherlands 74 , Hungary 54 ) -- as you see , no need to be the champion to be the among the best ) . Please do n't compare France 98 with real good teams like the ones above ( yes , they won a world cup , but their team is not among the best in history ) . Brazil 1970 
6	How do I protect myself from credit card scam ? If you dont want to pay for the services such as bank of america here are a couple of things you can do to reduce your chances of your identity being stolen1 . shred all your mail2 . By law , you can request 1 copy of your credit history every year from each of the three credit history companies at www.annualcreditreport.com I suggest you stagger your requests to each of them i.e . request experian first then 4 months later request another report from transunion , and another 4 months later from equifax . this way you get a free report every 4 months . 3. dispute anything that is wrong ( most common : credit cards forget to tell the credit history guys that you closed your account or paid all your loans in full ) 4. when online , try to use virtual credit numbers to make the purchases . this facility is available for citicard customers , and maybe amex . the virtual numbers are good only for 1 use , and useless after that . so if someone steals that , it is useless.5 . when buying something offline , save your receipts , and make sure your statement is accurate . ( a favourite scam is to charge maybe 50cents on a statement , that way you dont notice it , but a scammer who charges 10,000 card owners 50cents a month can make $ 5000 a month no sweat -- and you dont even realize it ) 6. also dont forget to shread any credit card solicitations you dont plan to use . 
5	When did women start competing in sports ? I 'm sure it would be impossible to pin down the first competitive women 's athletic event in the world . A couple of milestones , though : 1921 : Monte Carlo hosts `` the first true international meeting for women ... Five countries were represented in eleven events '' 1928 : Women 's events are first included in the Olympics 
4	How much do sound cards cost ? Sound cards vary depending on their quality . They also vary in price by how many channels they support , I.E . Some only support 5.1 surround , and others can handle 7.1 . They generally vary in price from $ 50 - $ 200.NewEgg has great deals on computer hardware . I recommend buying from them , and you can browse through their products and read reviews of people who have purchased them.http : //www.newegg.com/ProductSort/Category.asp ? Category=36 
4	What do I need to open PDF files ? You need Adobe Acrobat Reader : http : //www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readermain.html 
3	Does anyone know a good tutoring service for k-12 around Philadelphia ? Please try http : //www.TutorVista.com for high-quality tutoring for K-12 and College students.We offer UNLIMITED tutoring hours in all subjects for only $ 99.99 a month ! The tutoring is done over the Internet . It is one-on-one tutoring , one tutor per student . You can try it FREE - two hours of tutoring to try it for yourself ! Visit http : //www.TutorVista.com or call 866-735-0516 ( toll-free ) 
3	What is the difference between quote and quotation ? From About.com : '' To quote means to repeat the exact words of another with the acknowledgement of the source.A quotation is a phrase or a sentence from a book or a speech that reflects the author 's profound thoughts . '' 
8	What are the qualities that a good friend should have ? kind , honest , loyal , respectful , etc . A good friend should treat friends the way he/she wants to be treated . He/she must keep must know how to keep promises . He/she must listen when a friend is talking . He/she must know how to share . He/she must be considerate . 
6	Can you recommend a residential real estate appraisal firm around Kansas ? I have a trusted real estate agent that could definitely recommend you to a great one.email her at courtney @ kansascityhomes.com and tell her jill and steve sent you 
5	What are the best single tracks for Mt . biking in the bay area ? Maps , web-sites and tips are most welcome ... Here are my favorite mountain bike trails in the Bay Area : -Upper Stevens Creek which hooks up to the Montbello Preserve in the Cupertino/Saratoga Foothills-St. Joseph 's Hill in Los Gatos-Fort Ord / Laguana Seca near Montery-Wilder Ranch in Santa Cruz-Nisene Marks in Santa Cruz-Fremont Older in Cupertino/Saratoga 
3	What building housed the first elevator ? Haughwout Building in NYC 1857 
4	What does `` folksonomy '' mean ? Folksonomy is a word formed from a combination of `` folk '' and `` taxonomy '' . It 's a recently developed concept of the general public categorizing information according to what 's most useful for the masses , and is considered in opposition to the sometimes more formal classification systems created by an entity such as the Library of Congress or Yahoo ! .Folksonomies are often implemented using tags . An advantage of tags over a hierarchical taxonomy is that it 's easy to apply multiple tags to a single item , rather than having to decide which category to place the item in . 
4	Are Wireless Networks Secure ? Unfortunately , no computer network is truly secure . It 's always theoretically possible for eavesdroppers to view or `` snoop '' the traffic on any network , and it 's often possible to add or `` inject '' unwelcome traffic as well . However , some networks are built and managed much more securely than others . For both wired and wireless networks alike , the real question to answer becomes - is it secure enough ? Wireless networks add an extra level of security complexity compared to wired networks . Whereas wired networks send electrical signals or pulses of light through cable , wireless radio signals propogate through the air and are naturally easier to intercept . Signals from most wireless LANs ( WLANs ) pass through exterior walls and into nearby streets or parking lots.Network engineers and other technology experts have closely scrutinized wireless network security because of the open-air nature of wireless communications . The practice of wardriving , for example , exposed the vulnerabilities of home WLANs and accelerated the pace of security technology advances in home wireless equipment.Overall , conventional wisdom holds that wireless networks are now `` secure enough '' to use in the vast majority of homes , and many businesses . Security features like 128-bit WEP and WPA can scramble or `` encrypt '' network traffic so that its contents can not easily be deciphered by snoopers . Likewise , wireless routers and access points ( APs ) incorporate access control features such as MAC address filtering that deny network requests from unwanted clients.Obviously every home or business must determine for themselves the level of risk they are comfortable in taking when implementing a wireless network . The better a wireless network is administered , the more secure it becomes . However , the only truly secure network is the one never built ! 
9	Is it legal to publicly rate medical doctors ? In the US and other countries.e.g . could I create a web site where I say that I rate Doctor X 70/100 and Doctor Y 75/100 , without any other explanation ? What if I do provide an explanation ? What if I rated mechanics instead of medical doctors ? NOT LEGAL ADVICE : As long as you make it clear that you are offering your opinion , then your ratings will be protected by the US Constitution 's 1st Amendment protection for free speech . ( You are in the US , right ? ) If you falsely or misleadingly indicate that your rankings are based on something other than your opinion , then there may be liability for libel or even fraud . However , if the rankings are based on some criteria other than your opinion , and you are explicit about the basis for the rankings and truthful about the results , you are similarly protected . Should n't be a difference for medical or mechanical rankings . But , keep in mind that if people rely on your endorsement and then something goes wrong , they may seek to hold you liable . The best protection against this is to be explicit about your sources ( opinion , etc . ) and have a lawyer advise you.Good luck ! 
0	When is Jojo going to the shop ? Jojo never goes to the shop , and if she does , she never gets me anything . Why is that ? Why do n't you ALL go to the shop and stop stealing from my survivors `` end of the world '' kit of food ! ! ! 
3	What makes a teacher want to leave their profession ? It seems like a lot of factors contribute to teacher attrition ( leaving the profession ) . But apparently new teachers are most likely to abandon ship.According to a 1986 survey , more than 2/3 of all beginning teachers will have left during their first four years of teaching and 40-50 % of them will leave during the first seven years of their career . ( Huling-Austin , 1986 ) .These are some factors likely most likely to affect the attrition of new teachers:1 ) Beginning teachers are unable to cope with teaching problems like discipline , difficulties with parents , and lack of sufficient or appropriate teaching materials.2 ) Beginners are often given the most difficult teaching assignments . 3 ) Novice teachers often receive little or no support after leaving the university and find that their teacher education programs ill-prepared them for the realities of teaching.Other factors , such as salary , affect attrition rates , but perhaps the fact that beginning teachers lack adequate support and resources to handle such a large responsibility ( basically parenting your students ) is where the responsbility lies . 
2	How do I tone my butt ? What 's the best exercise for butts ? Where do you live ? I have been taking a class called `` Core Fusion '' for almost a year now , and it has been the most effective thing I 've done in terms of toning my body up ( all over , not just butt ) . It is offered at Exhale Spa , which has locations in Boston , New York , Chicago , Venice ( CA ) and Santa Monica - and I believe they 'll be opening up a Dallas location in 2006 . If you are not near an Exhale , yoga has a lot of postures that will help you tone your butt muscles ( maybe check out a local gym or studio ? ) . So does Pilates ( which I 'm not really a fan of - I find it boring ) . There are also the old `` standbys '' of squats and lunges ( you can get added benefit by integrating props or machines - i.e . do the lunges or squats on the Smith Machine - the one that has the bar with adjustable weights that you square on the back of your shoulders while doing the exercises , or stand with your back to the wall , place a physioball behind you and roll it up and down the wall with your back as you squat ) . One important thing to remember about squats and lunges is not to let your knees go forward of your ankles - that puts a lot of strain on your knees and sets you up for unpleasant injuries . If you go to the gym , some of the weight machines they should have can be effective butt toners - like the leg/hamstring curl machines . 
5	Can I use 26 '' mountain bike rims for my cyclocross-frame bike ? It 's my first time building a bike from scratch and I found some wheels I really like but I was told that they aare 26 '' rims and not the standard 700c clinchers I think I need . Would it still be compatible with my aluminum cyclocross frame ? The 26 '' wheels wo n't work . They 're slightly smaller in diameter than a 700c wheel–that 's what cyclocross frames are built to take . Back in the late 80's/early 90 's you could get clamp-on cantilever brake mounts from Moots , but I do n't know that they make those anymore . And regardless , if you were to do that , you 'd also be dropping the overall height of your bike . This in turn would mean that your bottom bracket would also be lower to the ground . That 's counterproductive in terms of cyclocross applications , where you want a higher bottom bracket than you would on a road bike ( for clearence issues ) .There 's some good general information on equipment on Dave Carr 's Cross Page ( listed below ) . Good luck ! 
9	how many members does the German Bundestag consist of ? members=seats Regularly the German Bundestag has 598 members . However there can be additional seats called 'Ueberhangmandate ' . Currently the German Bundestag has 614 members . 
3	How can I find the state symbols for a state ? I listed two sites . The other site provides you info about the state , each state 's map and state symbols . 
3	How many words with 10 letters are there in the US dictionary ? SCOWL ( Spell Checker Oriented Word Lists ) has about 70,000 10-letter words total . If we limit it to the `` large '' subset recommended for spellchecking in the U.S. , it 's about 20,000 10-letter words . If we then remove proper names , capitalized words , abbreviations , contractions , and possessives , it 's about 14,000 words ( from `` abandoning '' to `` zygodactyl '' ) .Scrabble dictionaries usually have considerably fewer 10-letter words , because they remove words that ca n't be formed in normal gameplay . The one I have lists about 50 10-letter words . 
3	What is the origin of the word `` cop '' ? `` So policemen are just those who catch or apprehend criminals , a worthy occupation . And a copper is someone who seizes , a usage first recorded in Britain in 1846 . '' - thus we have the word `` cop '' 
9	Which country is most corrupt ? # 1 most corrupt is Haiti , followed by Bangladesh , Nigeria , Myanmar , Chad . Among the least corrupt are Finland , New Zealand , Denmark and Iceland . 
9	Where can I find a not-for-profit humane society in Denver ? Mile High Humane Society is non profit . They are located at 11470 York St , Northglenn , CO . 
6	What should I have in my disaster emergency kit stored out side my house ? Since FIMA is estimating that the next big disaster will be a more then 7.0 earthquake in CA. & # xd ; < br > < br > Just a reminder that on Aug 2001 they have predicted 3 disaster scenarios : & # xd ; < br > First : terror attack on NYC & # xd ; < br > Second : a 5.0 category hurricane in New Orleans & # xd ; < br > Third : a more then 7.0 earthquake in California & # xd ; < br > < br > We are down to the third one…… it 's probably not a bad idea to stock up on the following : flashlight , battery powered radio ( and batteries ) , non-perishable food ( i.e . canned food and juices ) , non-electric can opener , bottled water , medications ( both non-prescription and prescription if taking any regularly ) , first aid kit , paper plates , cups , and plastic utensils , toothbrushes , toothpaste , comb , brush , contact lens supplies , and feminine hygiene supplies , plastic garbage bags and ties , change of clothes and shoes , and an extra pair of prescription glasses if needed.the red cross offers a checklist for an emergency kit , the link is below . 
3	Which part-time MBA program will add value to a software developer with 15 years experience ? Wow . There are some pretty negative answers in this thread.Pick a good program . Pick a highly rated program . The brand *is* part of the value of an MBA , and frankly , the lower rated programs are n't that much cheaper . Here in the Bay Area , Haas ( Berkeley ) has a great ranking ( top 5 in part time rankings , recently been in the top 10 for full time ) . I am currently a student at Haas ( in the PT program ) , and I ca n't understand why people would pick a different program in this region . Stanford , unfortunately , does n't have a part time program.I agree with the previous poster who said you need to have an idea what you want out of it . Go in with a plan on how you 're going to get value from the MBA , and just from being a student . I 'm amazed at the access I get just by being an MBA student . It opens a lot of doors . But you need to be very goal directed to get this value.I ca n't agree with the person who said networking in a PT program is n't good . As a current PT student , I have an *amazing* network of rising stars at a number of bay area companies , right now . Comparing notes with some co-workers who are recent graduates from the FT programs at Wharton , Stanford , Columbia , it 's clear that my network is broader , more active , and more useful right now than their networks.So - to your actual question . If you are in the Bay Area , pick Berkeley ( I 'm biased , obviously ) . Really , you can gain a lot of value from any part time MBA program . But talk to people , figure out how *you* can gain value from an MBA , and then go from there . 
1	Are humans still evolving ? Seems the vast majority of humans live long enough to procreate . Is natural selection dead ( or sleepy ) ? If not , what are the attributes that are being selected for/against in humans these days ? Evolution is ever-present as always . You could argue it 's rate is a function of environment change . So to answer what 's driving human evolution you need to look at the human environment as part of the equation . Extreme evolution happens when an organism 's environment changes and it can not escape it . As a previous post mentioned , humans now have the ability to easily move around the world and escape a 'bad ' environment . So evolution may indeed have slowed , but it is not dead . Some cataclysmic change affecting the whole planet , if it does n't kill the species completely , will certainly speed up the evolutionary process when you compare the human race a few generations either side of said event.Given that evolution is the result of genetic mutation/favoritism during sexual reproduction are we seeing those more desirable for sex setting the evolutionary path while environment change is minimized by our ability to control it or escape it ? Is average height an example of this ? It would certainly seem that humans are growing taller on average , and what western ( cultural bias ) woman does not want a tall mate for example . It should be noted however that who we think is desirable for sex is very culturally dependent and may not lead to the best long-term ( breeding ) prospects for an individual conceived to those parents . 
9	What is the United States ' annual homeland security budget ? Fiscal year 2004 total budget authority : $ 35.6 BillionFY '05 : $ 38.5BFY '06 : $ 41.1B 
4	what is a double layer DVD burner ? Movie DVDs you buy in the store can contain up to 8.5 gigabytes of data . This is because they are pressed ( as opposed to burned ) dual-layer DVDs ( also called DVD-9 ) . The recordable DVD+-Rs that have been on the market for a while a single-layer DVD-5s and can store up to 4.7 gigabytes . This disrepency is why programs that copy movie DVDs need to compress the DVD content after unencrypting it before they can be burned to a normal DVD . Recently new DVD burners and media were introduced that allowed people to burn DVD-9 DVDs reasonably affordably.So a double-layer DVD burner is one that is capable of burning 8.5 gigabyte DVD-9 format DVDs.http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvd # Technical_information 
6	Does anyone know a good apartment rental agency around Washington DC ? I 've had personal experience with Archstone apartments and Summit ( just bought by Camden ) apartments in the past two years . While neither one is stellar , both were acceptable . Both of these were in the Northern Virginia area - bedroom communities for D.C. Best of luck apartment hunting ! The housing market around here is absolutely insane . 
6	How do you negotiate a job offer ? At the point you have a job offer , you are in the best position to negotiate . This is because they have already spent the money to get all the way through the recruiting process , and if they were to start again from scratch it might cost them an additional 20-50k to bring a different candidate into the position . Add to this the cost to the project of having an unfilled position for a longer period than expected , and you 'll find there is a pretty large margin for you to negotiate where their net costs will be lower if they acquiese to your requests.The other factor is the overall job market . In today 's market , where employment is picking up in many sectors you 're in a good spot to negotiate.Now the right place to phrase things is to describe competitive offers ( hopefully you 'll have some ) in terms of their relative advantage . If one of your alternative offers pays more , you can allude to this vaguely . Even if they do not , you can allude to the relative advantages ( the types of challenge , the convience of the commute etc ) . This will create a more competitive landscape where your potential employer feels like they need to overcome other offers ( and not that you are simply greedy and would like more cash ) .Unless the potential employer has really lowballed you ( i.e . you are well below industry averages for your area ) , you should shoot for a modest counter-proposal of 5-15 % . Put this out there with clear timelines for when they need to respond , and other forms you might accept ( signing bonus , trading-up level/rank , etc ) .You should stay professional throughout the process , even if your offer is rejected . Employers know that this is the right time to bring these things up , so do n't worry about burning bridges by putting a request out there at this stage.Ok . Hope that helps ! 
7	Is there anywhere that rents UMD movies for PSP ? GameFly.com rents both PSP movies and games . ( They 're in seperate categories if you do n't see them right away . ) I 've been a customer for about a year , and I think their selection and customer service are both stellar . Ship times seem a little longer than Netflix , and pricing is higher ( for good reason ) .I love the packaging ( in addition to the Netflix style paper envelopes there 's a hard cardboard shield ) and I 've never received a defective game . The pre-owned purchase program is also a nice touch . 
5	Who to start on defense this week ? Should I go with Pittsburgh or New England ? I would go Pittsburg . Polamalu is almost guaranteed at least 2 interceptions against Palmer . 
3	What was the name of King Arthur 's sword ? Excalibur 
7	Will there be a third kill bill ? there have been widespread rumors about Tarantino 's desire to revisit the character of the Bride in a third installment . most of these stemmed from an interview published in Entertainment Weekly , in which Quentin expressed his desire to revisit the Bride in 15 years : `` The star will be Vernita Green 's ( Vivica A . Fox 's ) daughter , Nikki ( Ambrosia Kelley ) . I 've already got the whole mythology : Sofie Fatale ( Julie Dreyfus ) will get all of Bill 's money . She 'll raise Nikki , who 'll take on The Bride , '' he says . `` Nikki deserves her revenge every bit as much as The Bride deserved hers . I might even shoot a couple of scenes for it now so I can get the actresses while they 're this age . '' Tarantino 's idea is an excellent one , and in tune with the ambitious nature of the Kill Bill project itself . however , it is important to note that Tarantino is well known for announcing interest in projects that could never see the light of day , so there is no certainty that this will come about . 
5	Which player led the USA Basketball team ( original Dream Team ) in scoring in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona ? On September 21 , 1991 , USA Basketball announced the '' Dream Team '' for the 1992 Olympics . Charles Barkley , Larry Bird , Patrick Ewing , Magic Johnson , MichaelJordan , Karl Malone , Chris Mullin , Scottie Pippen , David Robinson and John Stockton were named . ChristianLaettner and Clyde Drexler were later added . Whichplayer led the team in scoring at the Barcelona Games ? Charles Barkley with 144 points ( 18.0 avg ) . 
2	Why are blueberries so good for your health ? Blueberries are high in anti-oxidants . Also , they are low in saturated fat , cholesterol and sodium . They are a good source of dietary fiber , vitamins C and K and manganese . 
7	What is the meaning behind the song `` the reflex '' by Duran Duran ? From the sourced website : '' The Reflex '' , Duran DuranI , being a HUGE Duran Duran fan , can shed some light on this song . Back in the 80 's when I had the word book for the album and meanings , this song simply was about a person being on stage , forgetting words and making them up as he went along . Take for instance `` I 'm on a ride and I want to get off/but they wo n't slow down around the bout , I sold the Renoir and the tv set/do n't want to be around when this gets out '' . Hope this can shed some light that not all Duran Duran songs are about sex . 
2	As a novice runner , how many weeks/months do I need to properly train for a marathon ? The answer , of course , varies for each individual depending on how fit you are , how often do you train and what your goals are . If you are very aggressive , you can do it in 28 weeks . Start by walking , slowly , for amile . Two days later , walk 1.5 miles . Every other day , increase the distance by half a mile until you get to 3 miles . Rest your muscles on the `` off '' day . Hold that distance on Tuesday and Thursday , while increasing by one additional mile on your weekend session ( either Sat or Sun ) .Once the long walk reaches 10 miles you can cut the distance in half every other weekend , increasing the long one by 2 miles each time . When the long onegets to 18 miles , you can do it every third weekend , covering 8-9 miles on the `` short '' weekends.After about the third week of training , insert a one min jog into your runs , after 4 min of walking . If this feels fine after 2 weeks , drop to 3walk/1jog . After 3 more weeks , drop to 2-1 . If all goes well after another 3 weeks or so you could go to 1-1 during the week , and 2walk/1jog on the long run.Find the ratio that works best for you , that will leave you feeling strong at the end , and recovering fast from these long ones . The pace for all ofthese should be very , very slow . 
0	Which religion is the right one ? None . There is no God . Religion is a primitive attempt at understanding how the world works . It has been completely replaced by the Scientific Method , which is the greatest discovery of all time.There is no more evidence for the existence of God than there is for the existence of leprechauns . Better to spend our time enjoying our wonderful world and helping our fellow beings instead of arguing about which brand of imaginary supernatural friend is the `` right one '' . 
2	How can I cure my hiccups ? This is to expand on another person 's answer , which was correct but missing some important steps or explanation . This cure is a bonafide medical and scientific cure . The get rid of hiccups , you must deprive oxygen from the muscle that is causing hiccups . No oxygen to that muscle , it ca n't burn energy , no energy , no hiccups.So what needs to be done is to simulate DROWNING . We must trick the body to think it is drowning . This will cause it to divert oxygen from unimportant parts of the body , like that muscle causing hiccups , to more important parts like the heart , the brain , the organs , etc . So ... take a glass of water , slowly exhale . Pinch your nose . Take about 5 or 6 sips of water ( or more until you ca n't take it any longer ) from the glass ... making sure you are taking in WATER ONLY . Do NOT sip any air along with the water . Stop . Hold your breath for a few seconds , and inhale slowly . The hiccups should disappear . If not repeat . I have found this works 90 % of the time . It only fails to work if there really is something stuck in your throat that really needs to be expelled by hiccups or coughing , or drinking lots of water . 
0	Why do Canadians Celebrate Thanks giving ? I lived in Canada for a year and when ever I asked a Canadian why they celebrated thanksgiving ( I understand why Americans do , but not canadians ! ) they didnt know either ... so if you do know - let me know ! Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving on the 2nd Monday of October . `` The farmers in Europe held celebrations at harvest time . They filled a curved goat 's horn with fruit and grain to give thanks for their good fortune and the abundance of food . They brought this tradition when they came to Canada.During the American Revolution , Americans who remained loyal to England moved to Canada where they brought the customs and practices of the American Thanksgiving to Canada . `` More information about the history of Canadian Thanksgiving : http : //www.geocities.com/ouravonlea/canadian-thanksgiving.html 
4	What is Visual Basic ? Visual Basic is a programming language and software development environment created by Microsoft in the 1990s primarily to make it easy for developers to create client applications on Windows . It featured an way to easily create graphical user interfaces by drawing windows and controls on the screen , and an event-driven paradigm that made it easy to attach code to meaningful events in the lifetime of an application ( such as a button click ) .The language was adapted to the Web with a variant called VBScript , and embedded into Microsoft Office and other applications with another variant called Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) . Around the time of Windows 98 's release , it became possible to create scripts written in VBScript to run on the Windows desktop.In 2000 Microsoft introduced a new unified framework for software development called .NET . At that time Visual Basic was thoroughly revised and renamed to Visual Basic .NET . This version of the language added some capabilities , but dropped others , and was incompatible with previous versions of the language , leading some to complain that it should be been released as a separate language with a different name . Still , a great deal of Visual Basic code is in use today and large numbers of developers still use it to create client applications , Web apps , script , and macros embedded in other applications such as Microsoft Excel . 
4	What 's your definition of Web 2.0 ? It seems to mean different things and different technologies to different people . The best article I 've read on the subject is in the link below . In summary , the article cites the following 7 factors common to Web 2.0 : * Services , not packaged software , with cost-effective scalability* Control over unique , hard-to-recreate data sources that get richer as more people use them* Trusting users as co-developers* Harnessing collective intelligence* Leveraging the long tail through customer self-service* Software above the level of a single device* Lightweight user interfaces , development models , AND business models 
5	Should the A 's trade Zito this off-season ? With Harden 's oblique seeming like Hudson part deux..Can Billy dare trade Zito this year ? Part 2 of the question If Zito is not traded , will he be signed next year and beyond or allowed to to enter free agency after 2006 ? IMHO , the A 's will be traded Zito this off-season or in the middle of next season . The `` Money-ball '' philosophy has been working for them and they will continue . Trading Zito will also get them some good young players too . 
3	Should high schools offer classes on SAT for all ? I 'd say yes , all high schools should offer SAT test prep . The main two reasons:1 ) Workers 18 and over with a bachelor ’ s degree earn an average of $ 51,206 a year , while those with a high school diploma earn $ 27,915 . ( U.S. Census Bureau ) . Basically , college grads earn twice as much money as high school grads . This increased income provides more security , support to raise a family , and the means for furthering ones education.2 ) College grads have access to better jobs as many jobs require a college degree . 
7	which is the more powerful crime family - the corleone 's or the soprano 's ? assuming of course they were in power in new york and new jersey , respectively , at the same time instead of decades apart . and i 'll choose your answer as the best one if you can match up members of each family who 'd go head to head if they went to war . The Corleones are more powerful , hands down.and for one reason , alone : The Sopranos do n't have the muscle to take out the heads of all five crime families in one swoop and live to tell about it , including the big man in Vegas and take over his operation . The Corleons are a much bigger organization with a wider network.Head to head war , Corleones ( GF1 ) vs . Sopranos ( S1 ) : Vito ( or Michael ) Corleone vs. Tony SopranoSonny vs. ChristopherClemenza vs. SilvioTessio vs. PaulieFredo vs. Big PussyBarzini vs. Juniorand Kay vs. Carmela : - ) 
1	Why are the Dutch so tall ? As a dutchman , and someone who 's 6'4 '' I should be able to answer this one.Specifically though there actually has been a fair amount of research around this , the average height of the dutch are indeed abover average and I 've heard claims of it being `` the tallest nation in the world '' .The average dutchman is about 6'1 '' ( 4 '' taller than the avg american ) Research shows it to be a combo of genetics , disease prevention , diet ( dairy , etc . ) , average wealth & wellbeing , as well as the psychosocial wellbeing.. all affecting height.So to summarize : drink your milk , get your shots , be happy and grow grow grow..oh and a bit of genetics.From a research report : Genetic factors are evident in marked regional differences between the north and the south of the Netherlands . In the north , boys are on average 50 mm taller and girls 20 mm taller . The populations are relatively stable , and Frisians are genetically more Scandinavian , whereas Limburgers have southern European roots . However , although boys in Turkish and Moroccan immigrant groups are about 95 mm shorter than ethnic Dutch , they are taller than in their countries of origin . Researchers point to the increase over the past 30 years in the amount of protein in the diets of the Dutch , the world 's highest consumers of dairy products . Miranda Fredriks , one of the researchers in the recent study , emphasised other health and hygiene factors as well as diet -- for example , the Netherlands has a 95 % vaccination rate among children.Lastly it 's the healthcare system and wealth , every dutch person has access to the healthcare system and overall the dutch are fairly well off to being with . It 's been shown that wealth has a direct impact on height.. 
3	Any great , top quality language schools in Dallas ? no 
3	Where can I find help about a war ? For a general article about war , check out http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War . You can search more specifically there as well . 
5	Should the Sharks trade Evgeni Nabokov ? In short , no . If they trade him now they will see minimal returns on a trade . They are dealing from a weak position . Should Nolan Schaefer get a shot ? Yes . Nabokov should be given a chance to rest , start Nolan for a couple of games and then get him back in there . I believe he will be able to snap out of this funk , but trading him now would be the absolute worst time for them to trade him in terms of what they could get in return . 
1	Can animals really predict earthquakes ? There was a PBS program 'Nature ' , just aired a couple of weeks ago , about whether animals can predict nature disasters like earthquakes and tsunamis . Whether animals can predict earthquakes is not conclusive . But there 's a scientist in Berkeley ( forgot his name ) claimed he had predicted earthquakes accurately in the last few decades . What he used was simply newspaper ads on missing pets . He said normally you 'd see about 10-15 missing pets ads , but before earthquakes , the missing pets ads would increase . His theory is contraversial , but it 's worth a try . You may want to test that theory . The program also mentioned about the terrible tsunami in Asia over a year ago . It mentioned none of the animals got harmed since they 'knew ' the waves were coming and escaped from the disaster . One theory is that animals can hear low frequency sound from beneath the earth , like grinding sound of moving rocks . Anyway , you 'll find some interesting programs on PBS stations . 
7	Who wrote the screen play for `` The Big Lebowski '' ? The Coen brothers : Ethan and Joel . Joel also directed the movie . And together , they 've written other off-beat films like `` Fargo '' , `` O Brother , Where Art Thou ? '' and more . 
4	Where can I get antivirus software if I do n't have it installed ? You should either get AVG Free or AntiVir Personal Edition ( also free ) . Both of them are excellent and easy to use . 
3	Is there a dictionary for slang words ? Here are some resources : http : //www.urbandictionary.com/http : //www.microsoft.com/athome/security/children/kidtalk.mspxWhat 's really popular now is `` leet speak '' , which you can read about here : http : //www.urbandictionary.com/define.php ? term=leet+speak & r=fw00t 
3	What is your favorite quotation by a famous author ? `` I disagree with what you say , but to the death I will defend your right to say it . '' -Voltaire 
6	when did the Titanic sink ? At 02:20 am on April 15th , 1912 , the `` unsinkable '' Titanic slipped into the sea and began its descent to the ocean floor . 
6	Is it important to send a thank you note after an interview ? It is a nice touch , even in a casual workplace , to get the business cards of people you interview with , and send them a quick email thank you note . Although it will not sway the decision of that particular job , if there 's another job that the person knows about , they will remember you and have your email in their inbox to contact you about it . Just be brief , and do n't make it sound like a form letter . 
4	how google and `` evil '' relate ? why do people talk about google as `` evil '' ( or `` not evil '' ) ? Where does this relationship come from ? Their motto is `` Do n't be evil '' , in response to Microsoft 's reputation as `` The Evil Empire '' . 
5	What was Earvin `` Magic '' Johnson 's nickname as a youngster in Michigan , before he came to be known as Magic ? His neighbors used to call him Junior or June Bug . 
5	will golden state warriors make it to the playoffs this year ? No they wo n't . There are too many better teams in front of them in the Western Conference . Likely locks for the West include San Antonio , Houston , Dallas , Phoenix , Denver , Seattle . Which leaves the Warriors battling for the last 2 spots against LAL , Memphis and Sacramento - all of which are better teams . 
4	I have a desktop with a 82845 GL Intel integrated video card 64MB w/ no AGP slot . Should I upgrade via PCI ? I 'm concerned that upgrading via a PCI card will not be any better . Any advice would be appreciated . Most onboard video for PC desktop motherboards are far short of performance for even a PCI-only card . For the Intel 845 chipset , having a dedicated PCI video card can definitely improve your performance , especially for 3D games . 
4	How can I find the dhcp server on Linux ? dhcp server from where my interface got the lease on Linux . There are a number of different DHCP clients that run on Linux . Use the command `` ps ax '' to try to determine what processes are running that might have something to do with your ethernet interface.DHCPCD is a popular one . Look to /etc/dhcpc for any files that might be there.PUMP is also a frequent program in use by some versions of RedHat Linux . Run `` pump -i eth0 -- status '' assuming your ethernet interface is eth0DHCLIENT -- run `` locate dhclient.leases '' and look into that file if you see that process running . 
5	What are the best places for downhill skateboarding in California ? downhill skateboarding is aka slope style skateboarding . the streets of san francisco -- amazing views , a lot of stamina , cool cafes to stop by ... 
1	What is the difference between permutations and combinations ? The formulas would be helpful as well ! PermutationSuppose we want to find the number of ways to arrange the three letters in the word CAT in different two-letter groups where CA is different from AC and there are no repeated letters.Because order matters , we 're finding the number of permutations of size 2 that can be taken from a set of size 3 . This is often written 3_P_2 . We can list them as : CA CT AC AT TC TACombinationWhen we want to find the number of combinations of size 2 without repeated letters that can be made from the three letters in the word CAT , order does n't matter ; AT is the same as TA . We can write out the three combinations of size two that can be taken from this set of size three : CA CT AT 
3	What does `` buck naked '' mean ? Dating from the 1920 's the expression buck naked commonly means completely or totally naked or without a `` stitch '' ( as opposed to partially naked ) . Synonyms include `` bare naked '' , `` buck-arse naked '' , and `` butt naked '' ( also spelled , facetiously , `` butt nekkid '' ) . In the South , `` buck naked '' or `` butt naked '' means not in your house , out looking for trouble on Saturday night and wearing no clothes . 
5	Who is the best soccer player in the world ? Accordingly to FIFA and accordingly to general audience ? the last ( 2004 ) FIFA best player of the world is Ronaldinho ( playing at barcelona , do n't confuse with Ronaldo , playing at Real Madrid ) . Read the official FIFA interview with him at http : //www.fifa.com/en/mens/awards/gala.htmlAlso , TODAY ( november 28 , 2005 ) , Ronaldinho is going to receive the `` Ballon D'Or '' ( golden ball ) , prize created by the french magazine French Football -- http : //www.francefootball.fr/ -- in 1956 to distinguish the best player of the european leagues . The complete list of winners of this prize is at : http : //www.francefootball.fr/FF/ballon_or/index_bo.htmlNow , the general audience ... this is tough , since there are many players that could be the best at any time ( henry , lampard , ronaldo , ronaldinho , zidane -getting older , though- , kaká , eto'o , ... ) . But truth is that , at this moment of the season , Ronaldinho is one step above the rest , and playing in the current best team ( barcelona ) helps him a lot . 
6	How many answers does a typical Q & A question get ? Well ... being that people get 'points ' for answering questions , I 'm sure there will be a lot of 'filler ' questions going into this one , so I 'd guess you 'll get 50 in here , but about 4 or 5 on average . 
7	Will there ever be another figure in rock that comes even close to Jimi Hendrix ? In terms of guitar-playing chops , what about Eddie Van Halen , Eric Clapton , Carlos Santana ? In terms of showmanship , what about Iggy Pop , Mick Jagger , Bono ? In terms of cool guy who died way too young , what about Kurt Cobain ? 
2	In the quest for dazzling teeth , how harmful are teeth whitening strips ? Depends on your teeth . I used Crest Whitestrips for a time , and they worked really well ( I definitely noticed a difference in the whiteness of my teeth ) . However , they irritated my gums to the point where my dentist told me to stop using them and they made my teeth super sensitive to cold and hot ( i.e . eating ice cream or drinking tea was painful ) . I 've never done the laser whitening/Brite Smile , but I 've seen those treatments work wonders for folks who have ( they are not cheap though ) . I would advise trying the strips ( making sure to abide by the time guidelines ) - you will like the effects of them ( they do really work ) and if they do n't bother your teeth/gums , you should be able to continue use . 
6	Can someone *simply* explain what a stock `` short '' is ? Shorting a stock ( or selling short ) ideally works like this : When you think a stock is going to go down ... 1 . You borrow shares of stock you do n't own , typically from your broker.2 . You sell those shares at today 's price.3 . You wait for the stock to go down.4 . You buy the same number of shares back at a lower price.5 . You return the borrowed shares.6 . You pocket the difference between the buying and selling price.Steps 1 & 5 are actually done automatically when you issue a short sale order with a broker.The advantage of shorting is that you can make money when stocks are going down . ( With a normal stock purchases , you only make money if the stock goes up . ) The disadvantage is that in theory , you could lose an unlimited amount of money . For example , if the stock goes up to five times its original value , you 've just lost four times your investment . ( With a regular stock purchase , the most you can lose is the amount you originally invested . ) 
1	Is there a cure for malaria ? There are several means of successfully treating malaria if contracted , yet malaria is still one of the leading causes of preventable death in the developing world . The reason is that most of these people are too poor to afford even basic preventative measures like bednets ( which keeps malarial misquitoes from biting children in their sleep ) .Bednets are important step to reducing the impact of malaria , because it is much more expensive to treat malaria once it is contracted than it is to prevent it via bednets , removing standing water , etc.There are some efforts to find cheaper alternative treatments as well , including one promising one that comes from Chinese herbal medicine . http : //archives.cnn.com/2002/WORLD/asiapcf/east/11/26/health.malaria/I 've also attached a CDC ( center for disease control ) article that describes some of the anti-malarial drugs currently being used . 
1	Which came first , the chicken or the egg ? 1 . Dinosaurs laid eggs millions of years ago.2 . Chickens were n't around millions of years ago.3 . Therefore , eggs came first.4 . Later , egg-laying birds evolved into chickens . 
3	Any learning center that offers Personalized tutoring programs in Portland ? The answer above is a great idea . Of course , this will only work if you do n't mind non-person to person tutoring.I would contact your local high schools and see if there are any tutors that will tutor your kid . It might help both the high school student ( elective credit ) and your kid ( because young kids look up to high school students ) .Newspapers are always advertising people looking for work such as nannies , care-takers , and yes ... even tutors.I would try the high schools first.Here are a list of tutorint centers in the Portland area : http : //www.anysubject.com/portland-tutors.asphttp : //portland.craigslist.com/lss/http : //www.mindsinmotiontutoring.com/ 
4	How do I find out how much RAM my computer has ? If you are on a Windows machine : Right click on the `` My Computer '' icon and choose the menu Item `` Properties '' . Click on the `` General '' tab and you should see the amount RAM on the windowIf you are on a Macintosh running OS X : Click on the Apple menu in the upper left hand corner.Choose `` About This Mac '' and you will get a window that shows you how much RAM you have . 
9	What does Sarbaines Oxley compliant mean ? I see many firms advertising that they assist with `` Sarbaines Oxley compliance '' . Can you explain the legislation and who is affected ? How does one become `` Sarbaines Oxley compliant '' ? The Sarbanes-Oxley act was sponsored by Senator Paul Sarbanes and Representative Michael Oxley , and is a response to the auditing scandals surrounding Enron , WorldCom , and others . Essentially it aims to protect investors by requiring public companies to adhere to certain standards around auditor independence , information integrity , and greater financial disclosure.From an IT perspective S-Ox compliance revolves around preserving information and ensuring that the systems that maintain financial records are capturing all the correct data . Of course , S-Ox compliance can be rather complex and counterintuitive , so there are plenty of consultants who earn a living by making companies S-Ox compliant , as it is a requirement for all public companies . 
6	Is there a public place in bay area where one can stay late till 1 am and do home work or read . ? when I was in college denny 's always worked for me.1 soda and all night of refills ( same for coffee ) . 
5	Are expensive urethane golf balls e.g . Titleist Pro V1 worth it for the normal club golfer ? If you do n't have a handicap higher lower than 10 or are playing super hard and fast greens does it make a difference in performance to use exepnsive 2,3 or 4 layer urethane golf balls instead of cheaper ones ? I find that it does . The Pro V1 for me is the best ball out there in terms of providing durability , distance and control . I 've also used Nike and Top Flight and always come back to the Pro V1 . But , the real answer is how the ball reacts to your swing and game . I recommend playing a few rounds with different brands . 
6	Do you have a recommendation for a clean , quiet and decent apartment complex in Vegas ? It depends on where you want to move . I lived in Crystal Creek at Warm Springs , Henderson , NV 89014 Very affordable and the place is pretty decent . 
0	What is the meaning of life ? And why do we stop searching for it ? Well , from wich perspective do you look at it ? In my opinion , physical reality incarnations are done for the purpouse of spiritual growth ... '' body is a car , soul is a driver , YOU '' . Aside from that , I believe all is devine , in other words , all is god , source , as some say it . I also believe that each seek 's to reunite with source ... : ) Take Care , Love and Light 
8	What is the difference between dating and in a relationship ? The difference is the level of commitment . `` Dating '' connotes a casual thing , not necessarily exclusive . When a person says `` I 'm dating Bill '' instead of `` Bill is my boyfriend '' , you can probably guess the relationship is relatively new and no commitment has been made . When you 've decided you 're in a relationship , you 'll probably start referring to one another as boyfriend/girlfriend . You 'll introduce each other to your close friends and family . You 'll likely spend a LOT of time together , and may take it for granted that you 'll see each other certain nights and weekends . Depending on your lifestyle , you may agree to make your relationship exclusive and stop seeing other people.If you 're uncomfortable discussing taking things to `` the next level '' you 're probably just dating , and not quite ready for a relationship . 
3	Where can I find a list of important events from a year in history ? The link below would take you to a list of important events . 
9	Why in the House of Commons does the P.M. often say `` I refer the hon . gentleman to the answer I gave earlier '' ? Another reason is that the P.M. 's responses are scripted in advance , where at all possible . Questions from the House -- especially from the opposition -- are designed to get him off his game and distract him from the prepared text , in the hope of making him look bad . ( A similar game is played by many television correspondents : `` If the interviewee gives a pat answer , ask the question ten more times . Play only the most emotive response . '' ) By referring the questioner back to the earlier , prepared answer , the P.M. short-circuits this tactic . Stilted , but effective . 
2	How to get rid of stretch marks after pregnancy ? One word : Strivectin . And , its been reappropriated by the pretty people as a fantastic facial wrinkle cream . Everyone I know swears by it . Banish the stretch marks and forego the Preparation-H. All at the same time . : - ) 
3	Why is SAT important ? Most colleges and universities use your SAT score as a factor in determining admissions . While it may be possible to get a waiver in some cases , your chances at consideration are much greater if you take the SAT . Another reason to take the SAT is for financial aid consideration . Grants and scholarships , especially those run by the school or private organizations , often take SAT scores along with grade point average into account . 
7	Why do people love Oprah ? Because she personifies the classic Cinderella story and the American dream . She overcame poverty and abuse to become a huge tv success . She 's also very charismatic ... and she likes to give stuff away . 
4	Can I view everything on the Internet via the wireless network ? Yes ... you can : ) 
0	Is there an English equivalent for the male firstname `` Reinhard '' ? Whenever I 'm visiting Peets and order a speciality coffee , I 'm asked for my firstname , for which I do not know the English equivalent ( I 'm currently using `` Ryan '' . `` Reggie '' turned out to be a disaster ! ) .According to Wikipedia , the name `` Reinhard '' is composed of the ancient Germanic words `` ragina '' ( 'advice ' ) and `` harti '' ( 'hard ' , 'strong ' ) , meaning : `` strong in giving advice '' = `` the knowledgeable '' .Oh , so a great name for `` Yahoo ! Q & A '' could also be `` Yahoo ! Reinhard '' ? ! According to this page in the French wikipedia , Reinhard comes from Regin + Hard ( strong advice as you mention ) http : //fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_de_RenartInterestingly , the page goes on to say that the word `` renard '' ( French for `` fox '' ) comes from Reinhard ! Reinhard was the name of the fox ( originally `` goupil '' in French ) in a famous story `` Reynard the fox '' , but due to the popularity of the fox character , the French name for fox became `` renard '' instead of `` goupil '' . `` Reinhard : Voir Renard pour le sens . Le nom est porté en Alsace-Lorraine . Variantes : Reinhardt , Reinhart , Reinharth , Reinard , Reinardt , Reinartz , Reinert , Reinertz . `` `` Renard , Renart Nom de personne d'origine germanique , Raginhard ( ragin = conseil + hard = dur ) . Faut-il le rappeler , le nom commun renard est au départ un prénom , et c'est la popularité du goupil , nommé Renart dans le célèbre roman médiéval , qui en a fait peu à peu un nom commun . `` The English version has less information regarding the names : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReynardSo you can just ask people to call you `` Fox '' . : - ) 
4	what is the most popular programming laguage in use today ? This is a tough one , and no doubt a potential debate point in most cases . I would really doubt that C # has any real future . Java , on the other hand , is written in C. Most modern development platforms have a foundation in C. If this question is to choose a language path for school , I think either Java or C is fine . Though I would say that you will become a better programmer if you have a more detailed understanding of what is `` under the hood '' . In that case C ( and a bit of assembly is n't bad to at least take a look at ) . The more higher-level you go , the less you can ultimately do . 
1	What are the odds of life on another planet ? Answers to this question can vary greatly , but a good framework to think about it is the Drake Equation . Developed by Frank Drake and Carl Sagan , it runs through some of the key factors that will effect the viability of life on other planets . As we learn more about extrasolar planets and astrobiology , we are getting better limits on some of the parameters in the equation , but especially when it comes to the terms where we look for intelligent life that can last long enough to contact other species , we have very little data to go on.So when it comes down to the last few terms you need to take it all with a grain of salt.If you are simply talking about life , I think recent discoveries have made the likelihood very high . The discovery of many extrasolar planets including some that are closer to Earth size means that there are specific places we can point to where life may have formed or be forming . Even in stranger systems that feature planets several times Jupiter 's mass , it is possible that a terrestrial satellite of such a large planet could harbor the right conditions for life.It 's a fun thing to work through the Drake equation yourself . Since the last few terms are more subjective ( at least until we get more data ) , it 's fun to play with it and see where you stand.The best guess that scientists have put forward right now is : N = 10 × 0.5 × 2 × 0.33 × 1×10-7 × 0.01 × 67 = 2.211×10-7 = 0.0000002211where N is the number of intelligent extraterrestrial civilizations that might come to communicate with us in a year . To get the number of planets that reach a point of harboring life ( not intelligent ) in a year , we just take the first 4 terms:10 × 0.5 × 2 × 0.33 = 3.3So about 3.3 new planets reach the point where life forms per year . 
8	What is your opinion on online dating ? It works . I met my bf of almost 3 years through online dating . That does n't mean I did n't meet alot of incompatible people . I used online dating on and off for about a year before I met him . Online dating is just another way to meet people , but it should n't be the only way you meet people . If you 're banking on it working , it probably wo n't because you 've invested too much emotionally and your expectations will colour your experience . It works when you stop hoping each person you meet will be the one and instead , decide to just have fun with the experience , regardless of the outcome . Yes , even a bad date can be fun . Think of the anecdotes you can share with your friends.I find it takes a few weeks to get a feel for how things work . Then , it 's up and down for awhile depending on who you come into contact with . When it does n't feel fun anymore , TAKE A BREAK . Come back in a few months . Change your profile to reflect how you 're feeling . It 's important that you feel good about yourself or you wo n't attract the people you want because who wants to be with someone who 's down on themselves ? Online dating is really a reflection of how you 're feeling . When you feel good about yourself , your online experience improves . When you feel bad , it tends to be a not so good experience . I was about to pull my dating profile because I found I was meeting lots of people through offline methods . However , my friend pointed out that it was n't costing me anything ( financially or emotionally ) if I just left my profile up . I thought she made a good point , so I decided to rewrite my profile one last time and put it out there . When I rewrote it this time , I stopped caring about what other people would think about what I wrote or how they might judge me . Instead , I wrote a profile that reflected exactly how I felt and who I was at that moment.And then , I started to meet interesting people . Shortly thereafter , I met my bf and things have been going well since . 
0	Why do shoes have heels ? Feet were designed flat ... ? Initially it was for practical reasons . Heels were added to shoes around the 1500s to keep horsemen 's feet from slipping from the stirrups.Eventually , it became fashionable to wear heels . 
0	Should I fly back to Sunnyvale ( from WI ) for the Year end party ? Is it worth it ? I ' ? I 'm working remotely right now and I was wondering if it would be worth it to fly back to check in with all things Y ! and attend the Year End Party . For people who 've been there before , is it worth it ? Whether any party would be worthy flying cross-country for is definitely up to you , but as far as company parties go , I think Yahoo 's are tops.They go all out in so many ways . The bands are impressively big ( for a party ) like this year 's Earth , Wind , and Fire ( http : //www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll ? p=amg & sql=11 : aq6jtr59klox ) , there is a huge variety of food and alcohol ( including ice sculpture martini luges ) , and lots of other activities ( gambling , full-body video games ) . But despite all that , your enjoyment will probably be determined more by how much you enjoy being around your co-workers ( if they 're going ) , your date , and/or how long you can enjoy gambling/dancing.The last two parties really really impressed me , but I enjoyed the second one much more because my date and I shared a great enthusiasm for the party and dancing.It does n't look like last year 's photos links work anymore : ( 
2	If your co-worker has a white head thats ready to pop should you be able to go over there and pop it for him ? Yes , but you have to clean up the mess . 
1	How can I tell if the moon is waxing or waning ? For those who live in the Northern Hemisphere : The Moon is waxing or waning based on whether the right side of the Moon is dark or light . The Moon 's lighted area increases over time from right to left . A good diagram of this can be found at : http : //www.astro.umd.edu/education/astro/moon/waxing.gifFor those who live in the Southern Hemisphere the effect is the opposite.More details can be found at : http : //www.astro.umd.edu/education/astro/moon/phases.html 
3	What do you call the 4-stringed Hawaiian instrument which looks like a little guitar ? The ukulele , or uke , is a fretted string instrument . It 's a smaller , four-stringed version of the guitar . In the early 20th century , the instrument 's name was often rendered as `` ukelele '' , a spelling still used in Great Britain . The Hawai'ian spelling 'ukulele is also sometimes seen . 
3	What are the Seven Sisters schools ? Are they considered as good colleges ? The seven sister schools are Smith , Vassar , Wellesley , Bryn Mawr , Mount Holyoke , Radcliffe and Barnard . Indeed , they are considered excellent colleges , I attended two of them myself ! 
2	why does the bird flu considered to be such a frightening disease ? I seem that the entire world is dealing with it- what makes it different then other epidemic diseases ? The 1918 , 1957 and and 1968 flu pandemics can be traced back to bird flu mutating with human virus . These pandemics killed scores of people . The panic also stems from the fact that there is no vaccine for H5N1 virus , the bird flu that is currently affecting Asia . Like last year , vaccines for `` regular '' human flu are in short supply as well.Under normal circumstances , when the flu hits you 're just feverish , achey and fatigued for a few days . When the flu strikes more vulnerable people , like the elderly and very young babies , it can cause respiratory problems and even kill them . 
3	What can be done to lower the dropout rate in High Schools ? To curb the dropout rate , the National Dropout Prevention Center advocates the `` implementation of alternative strategies based on the principle of continuous improvement , in place of policies supporting student grade retention '' .In other words , the organization believes that the qualifier of a meaningful education should n't solely be based on grades , but on individual performance . Each learner begins at a different level emotionally , socially , and cognitively , and behaviorally . And because all of these factors play a role in learning , the same standard should n't apply to every student . The NDPC thinks that more dropouts could be prevented if each child was assessed as an invidividual and their progress was weighed on their individual needs , not based against every other student.One of the best educational strategies they recommend is service-learning . This is a theory based on the connection of hands-on experience and academic learning that also incorporates service to the community . Many learners have shown they can grasp concepts better and have greater success through experiential learning instead of the traditional textbook/lecture/text based learning.hope this helps ! 
3	What is paraphrasing ? Paraphrasing is when you put someone else 's ideas in your own words . It 's not just rewriting a paragraph or changing a few words . From the webs ite below : Paraphrasing is : *your own rendition of essential information and ideas expressed by someone else , presented in a new form . *one legitimate way ( when accompanied by accurate documentation ) to borrow from a source . *a more detailed restatement than a summary , which focuses concisely on a single main idea . Be careful about taking a sentence and only changing a few words in it -- some plagarism detecting software will catch that and call it plagarism . 
5	how can i watch soccer on tv in California ? would love to be able to watch games from Europe ... Your best bet is to look at soccertv.com which has the schedule . The channels you want are : Fox Soccer channel ( Premiership , bundesliga and Italian Serie A ) Setanta ( Chelsea TV and Champions League ) Gol ( SPanish and Latam Soccer ) These are all available via Directv If you want to go to a pub the best is Mad dog in the fog in San Francisco , Fibbar Magees in Sunnyvale is good for lunch time champions league games . 
5	what is the system for ranking foosball players and how does it work ? Too complicated to summarize here , please read article linked below . 
0	Why do filipinos eat with their bare hands ? Filipinos are n't the only cluture group who do so , and it makes historic sense : homo sapiens had hands long before tools and spoons were `` invented '' . 
4	Wireless router setup ? I tried configuring and setting up my wirelesss router which I bought from CompUSA but it wo n't let me get online even though it detects my IP address and shows a strong wireless connection . What could be the problem ? Few things to look for:1 . Do you have cable or dsl or dial connection ? 2 . Earlier when you did not have the router , were you entering the login/password to connect to internet ? If so , you have to configure your cable/dsl modem to host the login/password . For SBC DSL modem you can do it by http : //192.168.1.0/ and there is a option available in `` advanced configuration '' to do that.3 . Did you connect the ethernet cable from the cable/dsl modem to the WAN port of the router ? 4 . Are you getting the Dynamic IP assigned by the router ? Check it by Start- > Run- > Cmd- > ipconfig . It should show you some IP address like 192.168.1.x.5 . Run the following command in the command window ( start- > Run- > cmd ) ping www.yahoo.comHope this helps . 
7	How many albums does an artist have to sell to get a gold or platinum record ? In the US , the threshold for gold is half a million , the threshold for platinum is one million.So an album that goes `` triple platinum '' has sold 3 million+ copies . 
1	Who sailed from Spain around the tip of S. America & across the Pacific Ocean to the Phils. ? Ferdinand Magellan was dubbed the `` discoverer '' of the Philippines after he landed on the island of Homonhon , near Samar , on March 17 , 1521 . He claimed the islands in the name of King Philip II of Spain and named them Felipinas , the Philippines . He was later killed in Mactan Island of Cebu in a clash with native warriors led by a chieftain named Lapu-lapu . 
7	When was Archie comics published ? It was first published in November of 1939 by MLJ Magazines . 
3	How can we improve the quality of the teachers in high schools ? hi , This question is of particular interest to me because I have been interested in education reform for some time . I 'm a believer that the quality of education has a lot to do with the quality of the teachers . To have quality teachers , many different initiatives should be put into place . There are several areas to focus on improving teachers:1 ) preparation and credentialing- some states have focused on improving teacher education programs and raising the passing score on qualifying exams like the PRAXIS.2 ) induction and retention- it 's well known that the teaching profession has a high burnout rate . it 's not suprising . they 're essentially expected to raise our society 's children and many times spend more time when them than the parents do . that 's why some states have instituted better support programs for new teachers . assigning each new teacher a teacher-mentor and having a supportive adminstration that encourages teacher autonomy and professional development are a few ways to help retain new teachers.3 ) professional development- states should encourage the professional development of their teachers . this does n't just mean that they raise the expectations for the classes they take , it means that they tie these developments to compensation as well . one way in which states have given teachers incentives to grow professionally is by instituting national board certification programs . a teacher who passes this test gets a raise as well as the privelege of teaching in any other state w/o additional requirements.4 ) accountability- it 's a problem when non-performing teachers are allowed to stay because of tenure . while it 's important to ensure teacher accountability , it seems that some states see this area as a panacea for generating good teachers . it 's not . the other factors are equally important , if not more so . to weed out deadbeats , you just have to nurture a better teaching staff.5 ) fair compensation- obviously , this is very important.hope this helps ? 
7	what was Hitchcock best movie ? in which movie he had introduced more new techniques the any of his movies ? Generally , film geeks tend to come down in favor of Vertigo or Notorious , but the previously mentioned North By Northwest gets a lot of votes , too.Notorious is usually cited by European critics because of the amazing work by both Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman , plus it is the film that introduced the concept of the McGuffin . Essentially , this is the plot device that everything seems to be hinging upon while the story is doing something else ( much sneakier ) in the background . In Notorious , the McGuffin is ( are ) the wine bottles full of uranium.I tend to think that Vertigo is his best because it 's just so damn unbelievable and over-the-top but he still pulls it off . Jimmy Stewart was never better in his whole career and the cinematography , music and mood is just amazing.Other ( not yet mentioned ) great Hitchcock films that you must see would be:1 . Early Period : The Thirty-Nine Steps ( 1939 ) , The Lady Vanishes , Strangers on a Train2 . Middle-Period : The Trouble with Harry ( very funny ) , Suspicion , Rebecca3 . Later : Rear Window , and Psycho ( of course ) 
3	How are animals classified ? Below is the taxonomy used by zoologists to classify animals . Hope that helps . 
2	When to start / have mammograms ? The National Cancer Institute recommends that women in their 40s and older should have mammograms every 1 to 2 years . Women who are at higher than average risk of breast cancer should talk with their health care providers about whether to have mammograms before age 40 and how often to have them . For more infomation about screening mammogram and diagnostic mammogram , pls check the source . 
5	who was the first man to climb all the 8.000 m mountains in the world ? I mean 8k meters ( 26k feet ) or plus , of course . Reinhold Messner 
4	How can i run a regression in Excel ? The Microsoft Help section is pitiful ! First load the add-in : Tools > Add-Ins > Analysis Tool Packthen find it : Tools > Data Analysis & Choose RegressionIf you need any more help mail me . 
8	If you were asked to plan the `` perfect weekend '' for a guy , what would you include ? Sporting eventGolfGamblingBeerCheeseburgersAny and all of the above with his buddies . 
1	How is it that different countries have come up with different styles of electrical socket pins ? Practical : As there are multiple very-incompatible voltages in use ( 110v , 220v ) , it 's a good idea to not have the same plugs . Somebody will inevitably plug in the wrong device , and putting a 110v device on 220v can be pretty nasty . Dual voltage devices which are popular today ( largely due to power semiconductors which make them inexpensive ) , did n't exist when plugs were designed ! Political : Many ex-colonies of Britain were trying to shake off British influence as far as possible , which probably was a factor in picking different system for power device standards , among others . 
6	Should I rent or buy ? I live in an area with very high real estate prices . I can afford to buy , but I 'm wondering if I should just rent and save a bunch of money . It depends on what you mean by `` save a lot of money '' . If you are trying to save money over a period of time , it depends . Over the long haul you might save money by buying , since you 'll end up owning the property and could sell it and recover your investment . You might even make money by buying if you live in an area where the property value is likely to go up over the period of time you might live there.If you 're trying to save money on a monthly basis , renting is usually cheaper , unless a ) you might rent out one or more rooms , thus off-setting your out-of-pocket monthly expenses , or b ) you can afford to put down a large down-payment.Living in a high-cost area myself , I say `` buy '' if you can afford it . If nothing else you can go to town on decorating or remodeling , something you ca n't usually do when you rent . 
6	how many zip codes in the us ? According to the USPS : `` The United States Postal Service® does not keep a firm record of how many ZIP Codes are currently in use , but the number is greater than 42,000 . '' 
5	What did Nate `` Tiny '' Archibald do in the 1972-73 NBA season that no one had done before or since ? He lead the league in both scoring and assists in a single season . 
5	Are there good surf spots on India 's coast ? You can surf in the beaches of Goa . http : //www.indianbeachesportal.com/goa % 2Dbeaches/ 
2	What can you say to someone on their deathbed to help put their mind at ease ? It really depends on the beliefs of the individual . If they are religious , talk to them about their beliefs about the afterlife . If they are worried about how their actions in life may affect their disposition after death , recall for them ( if possible ) their good works and deeds . If they believe in God , remind them of the principles of divine forgiveness . If they 're not religious , ask them about their beliefs . Reassure them of their impact on your life . If you 're there at their bedside , I assume they 've touched you somewhat , somehow.This is not a time to hold a grudge . If you have a disagreement with them , try to forgive . Remember you will have to live with yourself after the other person is gone . Let them know you will remember them fondly . Recall good times with them to help ease their pain . 
1	Why is the sky blue ? The sky is blue due to atmospheric scattering of blue light . Blue photons are the most energetic of the visible light photos , and interact more with the atmosphere as a result . To be clear , all colors get scattered , it s just that blue is affected the most because of it is more energetic . A related effect happens around sunset . At this time of day , sunlight needs to travel through significantly more air to reach your eyes . The length of air is so long that nearly all the blue and green is scattered away before it reaches you . All that is left is yellows , oranges and reds , some of which reaches your eyes , and the rest scattered in the sky within your view . 
8	best place to meet guys in the bay area ? yah , for a sampling of tech guys , visit the northbound mountain view caltrain stop at about 5:20 one afternoon . you 'll be giddy when you see you 're completely surrounded by cute , intelligent , mostly available men . ( disclaimer : this party accepts no liability for the accuracy of above statements if customer is n't completely satisfied with her experience ) 1015 Folsom danceclub is where i met mine . I 'm not sure it could work twice though . : ) 
8	How do I end a date with a girl I 'm not interested in ? I went on a date with a girl I met online but there 's no chemistry between us . It 's best to be honest . She 'll appreciate you not wasting her time . 
7	Who is Helena in the song Helena by My Chemical Romance ? Lead singer and bassist , Gerard and Mikey Way 's grandmother . 
0	Is Thanksgiving only celebrated in the United States ? No , Canadians have Thanksgiving too . 
9	How to fight graft and corruption ? If it is in a corporation , there are special laws to grant you whistleblower status , and you can move into this role under a degree of legal protection from retribution.If it is in a government , then it can be very difficult depending on the nature of the government . Dictatorships are notorious for systemic corruption , and there is little that can be done without coup or significant intervention ( or perhaps populist uprising , although you 'd be risking your life ) . In a democracy , the corruption is of a softer sort , and you may be able to counter-act it via a public interest campaign , or story presented to the news media.Now if the graft and corruption is within your own heart ... that 's a real toughie . It requires a degree of personal strength and conviction to ideals which extend beyond your person . I think all human beings have the capacity for such strength and compassion , but it requires a willingness to make the hard choices both for yourself and your community . 
3	What company built a brewery in a major league baseball stadium ? Coorshttp : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coors_Field 
6	Do you have a recommendation for a quiet and decent apartment complex around Houston ? A apartment complex with gym , swimming pool , recreation room , etc . Take a look on Barker Cypress Rd . there are a few places that looks like a place you would call home.the rent would you from $ 750.00 to $ 1,100 
4	How can I tell if my software includes spyware or adware ? You ca n't be sure if you dont read the source code or disassemble the software , so you basically have to trust the vendor . For additional security its recommended to scan your PC with scanners like AdAware ( http : //www.lavasoft.com/software/adaware/ ) . This still wont give 100 % security , because this program can only find most Spyware , but not all . 
4	What are the most popular blogging tools ? What are the market shares of the top 10 blogging packages / ASPs ? I have a lot of friends that use Xanga , and they have tons of features that make them very popular . I know that Yahoo 360 has a new service avaliable but I have n't use it yet . I have , however , read the Yahoo Answers Team 360 Blog and it seems to be alright . 
6	What is the best checking account balancing interest and service ? It depends on the level of service you are looking for . For example , is internet access good enough for you , or do you prefer a bank with local branches ? For me , Etrade offers the ease of online access but reasonable interest . On the other hand , Citi bank has many local branches but low or no interet in checking.The best site that helps you to compare interest offers is www.bankrate.com . It also rates the reputation of the bank . Once you select the interest level and reputation level that you like , come back here and ask if people have good/bad experiences with that bank . Hope this helps . 
3	What site can I go to to find out how many seconds are in a year ? 1 day = 24 hours x 60 mins x 60 secs = 86,400 secs1 year = 365 days = 365 x 86,400 = 31,536,000 secs 
7	What was the last Hanna-Barbera prime-time cartoon series ? And what year did it air ? Actually , my guess is that it would be `` Wait Till Your Father Gets Home '' which was a kind of cross between `` All in the Family '' and `` The Flintstones . '' I still remember the catchy theme song . It aired in 1972 . 
1	Explanation for correlated wave function collapse at a distance ( Quantum Mechanics ) ? I remember from physics class in college that two correlated wavefunctions ( e.g. , sum of wavefunction spins = 0 ) can exhibit strange behavior at a distance . left alone ( e.g. , without measurement of wavefunctions ) , each wavefunction ( called A & B ) has a probability of 50 % spin up and 50 % spin down . WavefunctionA ( WF_A ) is IN NEITHER state until it is ACTUALLY measured . the moment WF_A it is measured , WF_B assumes the opposite spin with DEFINITE probability . i understand that no information is transferred at a distance between WF_A and WF_B , but HOW does this happen . WHAT is the mechanism that collapes WF_B into a definite spin state at a distance ? I am not looking for explanations like `` satisfies laws of conservation '' ... instead i am looking for physical mechanism that allow this seemingly incredible phenomena to work . If the `` weirdness '' i am describing is an artifact of the way i am asking the question ( which is what i suspect ) , explainations there would be appreciated as well . An equally valid question would be `` what is the mechanism that causes WF_A to collapse when it is measured ? '' The schroedinger equation does not predict collapse as a result of any interaction , so it is outside the theory taught in undergraduate classes . There is no accepted theory ( or in my opinion , any reasonable theory at all ) as to why measurement causes a selection of a single eigenvalue out some non-eigenstate . The idea that measurement on one object has ramifications on another object seems more mysterious , but it 's not fundamentally different than the idea that measurement causes collapse in the first place . You wo n't find a satisfying answer . 
1	If you were on the world 's biggest island , where would you be ? You 'd be on Greenland in the North Atlantic . Its area is 839,999 sq . mi . or 2,175,597 sq . km . 
1	how many mountains in the world are 8.000 m ( 26k feet ) or more ? 14 : Everest / 8850m / Tibet/NepalK2 / 8611m / China/KashmirKanchenjunga / 8586m / India/NepalLhotse / 8516m / China/NepalMakalu / 8463m / Tibet/NepalCho Oyu / 8201m / Tibet/NepalDhaulagiri / 8167m / NepalManaslu / 8156m / NepalNanga Parbat / 8125m / KashmirAnnapurna / 8091m / NepalGasherbrum I / 8068m / China/KashmirBroad Peak / 8047m / China/KashmirGasherbrum II / 8035m / China/KashmirShishapangma / 8027m / Tibet 
8	What does being loyal to a friend mean ? A loyal friend is someone who can keep secrets and promises . Someone who will not hurt your feelings but will be honest with you . 
5	In the six nations , why is 'prize ' for the team that does not win a single game called `` wooden spoon '' ? It possibly came from the Cambridge University tradition of giving a large wooden spoon to the student who scored lowest on final exams . No wooden spoons were given after 1909 at Cambridge , when the scores for exams started being read in alphabetical rather than score order . One theory is that early on in the Six Nations , many of the players were from Cambridge and carried on the wooden spoon tradition after it no longer was a part of university life . 
1	Where do babies come from ? I 'm really looking for ways to answer this when my son asks in a few years : ) I guess it 's because I 'm not a parent , but I do n't understand why you ca n't tell your son where babies actually come from ? Do n't you know ? 
3	Can you recommend a good preschool with childcare around Philly ? I 100 % recommend Summit Children 's Progam . They are at 6757 Greene Street Philadelphia 19119 . ( It 's Mount Airy , one block off Lincoln Drive ) Their number is 215-848-4451 . They have a well-structured instructional program . My three-year has been with them for a year and she already knows how to write her name and count to 15 in spanish . Every morning she is excited about going to school and seeing her friends . We found Summit through our pediatrician . You can also visit Child Care Aware 's website . They have good information about locating quality child care in your community.Good luck.Sharmil McKeewww.mckeelegal.com 
3	What do you think is the single most important event of a High Schooler 's life ? I think it 's receiving your college acceptance letters . It 's a reflection of the fruits of your labor . 
6	What ever happened to Ask Jeeves ? ? ? Was those questions answered by real people also ? Ask Jeeves is still around . They recently renamed it as ask.com . It has been recently bought by InterActiveCorp which also owns match.com.AFAIK Ask Jeeves questions are not answered by real people . There are sure some editotial stuff on its database . 
8	Do women expect a kiss on the first date ? It depends on the girl , the date , and how much you like each other . Just go with the flow and do what feels right . And do n't think about it too much . 
1	Why is the voltage ratinging always a multiple of 11 ? For household we have 110 V , 220 V.For high voltage lines : 11 KV , 22 KV , 33 KV etc . 110 Volts is nominal and may vary when measured by a voltmeter . That said , power is supplied using sets of three separate parallel wires that you can see up on most power poles . The very high voltage there is stepped down using a transformer to supply most houses and businesses with a usable lower voltage . The voltage between any one of the three wires to ground in a house is 110 Volts for example to light a light bulb . The voltage between any two wires is 220 Volts and is used for example to power a clothes dryer or kitchen range . Houses do not use all three wires . A machine shop may power a large motor by connecting all three wires ( in a delta or Y configuration ) to obtain 440 Volts . Therefore the progression of 110 , 220 , and 440 Volts stems from the use of single , two and three-phase wiring circuits . Electrical power is conducted cross-country at very high voltages using high tension lines strung in sets of three wires or phases which produces the multiple of 11 you mention . Incidentally there may be an additional single wire above all the rest to arrest lightning strikes . 
4	What 's the best prog . language to learn ? What 's the easiest to get into ? If you want to make a career on computer science or engineering , take C++/C and nothing else at first . Other languages -- like Java -- will hide several key concepts that are very important to have an understanding . Later you should also learn at least half a dozen other languages , including some assembly , lisp ( or other functional language , like haske ? ) , prolog and a scripting language.If you are just casually learning a programming language , the best will depend on what you want to do : For web pages , you should learn a little bit of HTML , javascript and then PHP . Do n't try to learn all of them at first , just enough to get you first pages going , and then learn as you need.If you want to do some data manipulation , or simple calculations , or windows in the unix ( linux ) world , learn python.Finally , if you want to play with windows in MS Windows , learn VisualBasic.Most important : after you choose a language to learn , be curious , try out stuff , and you 'll learn in no time at all ; ) 
5	How do bowlers get reverse swing in cricket ? Reverse swing is an art invented by former Pakistani fast bowler Sarfaraz Nawaz , followed by Imran Khan , Waseem Akram and Waqar Younis.A new cricket ball has shine on both sides . When the ball gets older the shine disappears and the amount of swing is decreased . In reverse swing the bowler keeps one side of the ball shining and one rough.Due to air friction the rough side resists the air and the ball moves towards the shining side having less friction on that side.So it will allways move towards the direction of the shine.Waqar younis had the habbit of hiding the ball from batsman before its delivery . So that the batsman keeps guessing the direction of the swing . 
2	What 's the Hacker 's Diet ? Has anyone tried it ? I have not tried it , but from what I have read , it emphasizes that weight loss/control is a simple measure of burning more calories than you take in . It 's available online for reading ( http : //www.fourmilab.to/hackdiet/www/hackdietf.html ) . I also found a blog of someone who tried it ( http : //www.metagrrrl.com/metagrrrl/2004/08/progress_on_the.html ) . Good luck ! 
1	if a plane was on some type of treadmill that detects speed , will it ever take off ? This has been addressesd on a few different places I frequent.the question : if an airplane is on a treadmill or some type of conveyer belt that senses speed and accelerates accordingly . Will the plane ever gain enough windspeed to actually take off ? If the plane is on a treadmill like the ones we run on at the gym , then it wo n't really be 'going ' anywhere and will not take off because no air is passing by the wings to generate lift . I think you might have to clarify this one further ... 
6	Is it a good time to buy a house in Los Altos CA ? the market for homes over $ 1m is definitely softening and will continue to soften as rates increase . the active part of the market is in the $ 600k- $ 900k range , which in los altos would be a condo . therefore if you are looking to buy you should take your time and be picky and you should be able to negotiate . 
8	How can one stop thinking constantly about an ex ? Time & distractions . 
4	What does Adobe Reader do ? Adobe Reader , reads PDF files which are created by Adobe Acrobat.The beauty of this , is that Adobe Acrobat can convert almost file type from the popular Operating Systems . That means a document can be created by almost any program and then given to another person to read , even though the receiver of the document does n't have the program that created the document.For example , a writer can create a Microsoft Word document on a Windows machine , convert it into a PDF file and give it to a person using a Linux machine and they can use Adobe Reader to read it . The Linux user does n't have to have Microsoft Word to read the document.The Reader is free , but Acrobat costs money . 
7	Am I ( Arnold ) stronger then Rambo ? In the movie The Last Action Hero ( http : //movies.yahoo.com/shop ? d=hv & id=1800193490 & cf=info & intl=us ) Arnold gets into the world that existed without Arnold , and sees the Terminator movie poster with Sylvester Stallone playing the Terminator . Arnold measures his biceps size against portrayed Stallone 's biceps , and arrives at the conclusion that Sylvester Stallone has got to do a lot more training to reach Arnold 's level . 
3	Who said `` I am not bound to please thee with my answers '' ? Shakespeare quoted `` I am not bound to please thee with my answers . '' 
1	What New England state contains the Penobscot River ? Maine 
4	What 's the difference between online chat and instant messaging ? Both are ways to communicate instantly on the web , by typing on your keyboard . In online chat , you communicate with a community of people with similar interests . With instant messaging , you communicate one-to-one , usually with someone you know . 
6	what is the average cost of an engineer in India comparing to the US ? In guess in india , an avg . software engr wud get paid like USD 300-500 pm and an avg engr ( not software ) wud be paid half of it.This is for college grads ( not exp ppl ) . Exp ppl wud get paid much more ofcourse . In india the salary increases each yr by a much more rate than in US . 
6	how much does ebay charge for selling stuff ? what percentage ? how much is transaction fee ? There are two basic fees:1 . Insertion fee2 . Final value feeThe lower your set the opening price , the lower the insertion fee . Low opening prices help drive more bids.You can also add feature fees ( galley , bold , etc ... ) or add a reserve price or Buy It Now price . Whatever you sell , make sure you accept PayPal . It protects both you and buyer and it 's listed on more than 85 % of listings . 
2	Where is the gum ? I was told that my gum is healthy if I can see less than 4mm of it . But I thought the gum is the flesh connecting the teeth to the jaw , and I can see the entire pink flesh covering my teeth . There must be at least 1.5cm . How can it be less than 4mm ? Am I missing something ? The 4 mm probably refers to the depth of your gum pockets ( the space betwen the top of your gums to the alveolar bone that holds your teeth . Your dentist would measure this with a probe.If your pockets are deeper than 4 mm then it means that you have had bone loss which is usually caused by periodontal disease ( an infection in the gums ) . The best way to prevent periodontal problems is to brush and FLOSS your teeth regularly ( brush at least twice a day for two minutes ) . I emphasize flossing , because often people do n't realize just how important it is . The contact between the two teeth are where food are most likely to get stuck , and therefore where bacteria sticks most often , too . The purpose of flossing is to really clean that surface where two teeth touch . So instead of focusing on just making the floss go down between the teeth , you want to follow the sides of your teeth to make sure you remove the plaque . So you should be going up and down two to three times along the tooth on both sides of the contact.Hope this helps ! 
3	Does anyone know what `` piggy back '' means ? It means to ride on the back of something else . The term itself is just a derivation of the phrase `` pick back '' , which meant to throw something on your back for the purpose of carrying it . 
5	who was the second leading scorer on philadelphia the night wilt chamberlain scored 100 points in a game ? Warriors guard Al Attles with 17 points . 
4	How do I change the nickname I chose when I first logged in to qa.yahoo.com ? I 'd like to have multiple personalities in this community but I do n't know if it 's possible . You can change the nickname in your 360 profile . Then select that nickname in Q & A by clicking on your current nickname ( it 's a link ) . However , you can only have one nickname at a time in Q & A using the same yahoo ID . 
0	Why are the colors of Christmas red and green ? What do these colors symbolize ? The origin of the popular Christmas colors red and green is speculated to be Italy , since the Italian flag 's colors are red , green , and white and most of the Christmas traditions we have were usurped from early Pagan people of the 3rd Century.In AD 274 , Emperor Aurelian decreed December 25 as natalis solis invicti ( `` birth of the invincible sun '' ) , a festival honoring the sun god Mithras known as Saturnalia . It had been celebrated by Pagans for centuries , but the emperor moved it to this later date.Shortly thereafter , the Church Fathers likewise set the official date for celebrating the birth of Jesus as being December the 25th.The Italians today commemorate Christmas for an entire month . Just as in the days of Pagan Rome with Saturnalia , the period between mid-December and early January is one constant celebration.Rich Nativity scenes and the playing of bagpipes by the zampognari ( shepards ) are very important to the look and feel of Christmas in Italy . 
4	What is a good platform for writing complex web apps in php ? looking for a platform for handling business objects as well as application flow so people would not have to hard code each page transition and each business logic step in php.What do people recommend ? You can use of of the many php MVC Framework . One of the most used one is phpMVC . Quoted from their website `` php.MVC implements the Model-View-Controller ( MVC ) design pattern , and encourages application design based on the Model 2 paradigm . This design model allows the Web page or other contents ( View ) to be mostly separated from the internal application code ( Controller/Model ) , making it easier for designers and programmers to focus on their respective areas of expertise.The framework provides a single entry point Controller . The Controller is responsible for allocating HTTP requests to the appropriate Action handler ( Model ) based on configuration mappings.The Model contains the business logic for the application . The Controller then forwards the request to the appropriate View component , which is usually implemented using a combination of HTML with PHP tags in the form of templates . The resulting contents are returned to the client browser , or via another protocol such as SMTP.php.MVC is a PHP port of Jakarta Struts . It currently supports many features of Struts , including declarative application configuration via the XML digester . For example , mappings from the various Action business logic components to appropriate results pages can be specified declaratively in the XML configuration file. `` 
3	Should teachers be required to renew their credentials every 5 years ? On one side I say yes and on the other I say no . It depends really . Some teachers I do not think should be teachers , and I think this will help remove them , yet the good teachers also may be removed because of that too . 
4	How should I encrypt/pw protect my backup files on an external harddrive for easy recovery on any machine ? I share my external drive with my brother ( we swap dries with files every month or so to keep backups off-site ) , and we wanted to know if there was a simlpe solution for password protection that would alow recovery of the files to any computer ( assuming the original computer dies and you do n't want encryption tied to one machine ) . I recently backed up and restored a bunch of files using Roxio 's Backup MyPC Deluxe , which was bundled with my copy of Easy Media Creator 7.5 . I do n't know how secure the encryption is , but it definitely lets you recover files to any computer . I would assume that any of the more recognized packages ( i.e . Norton/Dantz Retrospect/Ghost ) would let you restore files to a different machine as this seems to be a core feature of a backup program . 
9	What is the difference between a state and a nation ? In political science , a `` nation '' refers to a group of people who feel bound into a single body by shared culture , values , folkways , religion and/or language . A `` state '' just refers to a patch of land with a sovereign government . States often coincide with nations ( and are called `` nation-states , '' but not always . States that overlap multiple nations tend to have civil wars ; states that exclude parts of a nation tend to have wars with the neighboring state ( s ) that contain the rest of the nation . 
4	What is the difference between Notepad and WordPad ? Wordpad allows to save in RTF format , which allows such enhancements to the document as bold/italic text and bulleted lists . 
4	What is the best microphone or headset for recording a podcast ? The platform probably does n't matter , but just in case , this will be on a Mac . Some possibility of having remote/phone participation on the recording . Prefer answers citing personal experience . OK - I podcast , just wrapped my 160th show . I use a Plantronics Computer headset . Key is to position microphone 3 fingers away from your mouth , not under your nose . I think it was $ 14 from Fry'sFor calls , I use a Radio Shack call recorder , plugs in between your phone and headset ( phone must have headset jack ) . Was $ 24.Processing your voice afterwards helps : normalize , use a little reverb , and compress . It makes a big difference , and you dont really need to use hardware to do it . Thats the cheap method . You can spend a lot more and there are huge differences and situations . It depends on where you will be using it , who you will be talking to . Big difference between say a portable , interview show , and/or studio . 
1	I 've heard of a `` Green flash '' when the Sun sets . Does this happen ? Only over the ocean ? Why ? The green flash is real ... here are resources to read about it : http : //mintaka.sdsu.edu/GF/reading.htmlAlso , below is a link to go see some pictures of the flash . 
2	Can eyesight be trained or improved ? How ? How to restore 20/20 vision.Exercise 1 : hold your index finger six inches from your nose . look at it for 2 seconds then look at an object 20 feet away , and then look at your index finger again . keep doing this for a few minutes.Exercise 2 : imagine you are looking at a giant clock . raise your eyes to the ceiling to look at the 12 as far as they will go . hold them there for a few seconds then bring them back to the centre . then look at the 1 for a few seconds as far as your eyes will go and then back to the centre . keep doing this until you look at all the numbers.Exercise 3 : look at the imaginary giant clock again but this time instead of bringing your eyes back to the centre , move your eyes to the next digit on the clock and hold them at each number for a few seconds.Repeat exercises 2 and 3 but going counter-clockwise.Within a few days you should 'see ' a vast improvement ( no pun intended ) . 
1	What is the 4th largest city in the U.S. ? Assuming that `` largest '' refers to the greatest population , the 4th largest city in the U.S. is Houston Texas . 
8	Do best friends always have to do and share everything together ? I do n't think best friends always have to do and share everything together . This is a tall order that even couples do n't always fulfill.Best friends should appreciate each other 's presence , but sometimes people just have different plans/tastes/preferences so that they ca n't or do n't always want to do things together . Best friends should be able to care for each other even though they do n't do everything together . The same goes for sharing things . 
0	When is Thanksgiving celebrated in Canada ? In October . 
8	What is a legal separation ? Legal separation means that the husband and wife live apart and both are not free to marry since their status has not been changed to unmarried or single person . From Wikipedia : `` Legal separation is a possible step towards divorce under United States law . A couple are legally separated if they have successfully petitioned a court to recognize their separation ; simply living apart does not constitute separation for these purposes . A period of legal separation constitutes grounds for divorce ; the length of that period varies from state to state . Legal separation does not automatically lead to divorce . The couple may reconcile , in which case they need do nothing in order to remain married . If they do not reconcile , and wish to divorce after the statutory time period , they must file for divorce explicitly . '' 
3	What do you mean by `` The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence '' ? `` You use this proverb to say that the things other people have or their situations always look better than your own , even when they are not really so . '' 
1	Where is the hottest place on earth ? On September 13 , 1922 , El Azizia in Libya recorded a temperature of 136 degrees Fahrenheit ( 57.8 Celsius ) ! Death Valley in California makes for a close second , though . On July 10 , 1913 , it got up to 134 Fahrenheit . Whew . That is HOT . Best , ` k . 
3	What color do you paint the town when you go partying around the it ? red 
7	Why did the 80 's rock group Husker Dü breakup ? Drugs , it seemed like to me . I saw one of their shows right towards the end , and Grant seemed pretty f*ckd up ... not sure about Bob . The rumor certainly was around drugs . Also , Grant supposedly chafed under Bob 's control , so wanted to get out on his own.Heard from someone who talked with Bob for a while couple summers ago that Husker Du could reunite and make a lot of money on the reunion concert circuit , but they ca n't stand each other *still* so they wo n't do it . 
4	Can someone explain to me what Ruby on Rails is all about ? Rails is a full-stack , open-source web framework in Ruby for writing real-world applications with joy and less code than most frameworks spend doing XML sit-ups Look at the site in the Source . 
8	Do love relationships with co-workers work ? Yes they do . My wife and I worked for the same company albeit in different depts . We met when a co-worker we both knew has his leaving party . Since we were in different depts there was no issue , although we did keep it a secret for a while . 
1	why is the earth round ? The Earth is round because it is a large body , and gravity tends to make large bodies round because that is the gravitational efficient configuration for the matter to be in.There are a few reasons you can encounter non-round bodies in space:1 ) the object is small ( for example asteroids ) , so it 's gravity has less say proportionally on the shape2 ) It has experienced a catastrophic collision with a large body3 ) It is under very strong rotational or tidal forces4 ) It is expelling matter/energy in the form of cosmic jets , nova ejecta , etc . 
5	Where is the best place around here ( Mountain View ) for a novice to go for skydiving ? I do love my life ... so , are the risks really high while undertaking this thrilling jump ? Check out the link for Skydive Monterey Bay Inc . I have n't done it by my friends have done their first jump there . Their website has a lot of good information on skydiving . As far as I know , your first jumps will always be tandem jumps , where you are strapped to an instructor who will pull the parachute . It seems that the only risk is if the regular parachute and the emergency parachute all fail , which is probably very unlikely . 
5	Who will win 2005 heisman trophy ? Reggie ? Vince ? Matt ? Latest polls show : Reggie Bush , RB , USC , Jr. , 13-1st , 20-2nd , 0-3rd = 73 votes Vince Young , QB , Texas , Jr. , 2-1st , 13-2nd , 0-3rd = 62 votes Matt Leinart , QB , USC , Sr. , 0-1st , 0-2nd , 15-3rd = 45 voteshttp : //www.mackbrown-texasfootball.com/pages/bios03/young_vince.htmlhttp : //usctrojans.collegesports.com/sports/m-footbl/mtt/bush_reggie00.htmlhttp : //usctrojans.collegesports.com/sports/m-footbl/mtt/leinart_matt00.html reggie bush 
4	What is the difference between phishing and pharming ? Both are entirely made-up terms , of course . `` Phishing '' generally refers to those e-mail messages that say they 're from a bank ( or eBay or PayPal or your ISP ) , but the links actually go to some other web site where the phisher ( still pretending to be a bank ) asks for your information , and will use it to steal your identity , money , etcetera . `` Pharming '' is another twist on the same thing , using more devious tricks . In phishing mail you can usually figure out that the site you 're about to visit is n't really your bank . So for `` pharming , '' they 'll first trick you into running a program ( see `` trojans , '' `` malware , '' `` spyware , '' etcetera ) that changes the way your computer looks up domain names . Then , the pharmer can tell your computer that bank.com is some web server in Russia , and it 's much harder to figure out that something 's wrong.There 's some good info about these kinds of scams at http : //antispam.yahoo.com/faqs # a13 . 
5	What 's a good way to find a pick-up basketball game ? Find local parks , YMCAs , gyms , churches ( with courts ) etc . There are usually great pick up games at these locations in whatever town you live in . 
6	do i need to pay tax before filing tax return if i sell my ISO stock options this year ? As you may know , NQSO ( non qualifying stock options ) have tax withheld at source as soon as you exercise , so theoretically you do n't have to pay any estimated tax on NQSO exercises/sales ( although see * below ) .With Incentive Stock Options ( ISO ) though , the situation is quite different.It sounds like you plan to exercise and sell your ISOs on the same day . If so , then this is what 's called a `` disqualifying disposition '' . In other words , you will be liable for ordinary income tax on the spread ( sale price - exercise price ) . In general , the IRS wants you to pay tax in the quarter in which the related income is earned . So you theoretically should pay the estimated tax at your standard income tax rate in the same quarter you exercise and sell ISOs . You do this by filing an Estimated Tax payment.However , there is a way to postpone filing these taxes until your normal April next year tax return . The following information is sourced from See http : //www.fool.com/school/taxes/taxes35.htm . 1 . The simplest way is just to suck it up and not worry about paying a penalty for underpayment of taxes . Depending on how much you think you can earn on your money , and when you were supposed to pay the tax , this may be a win for you ( this used to happen a lot during the dotcom/IPO days of 1999-2000 ) . Be wary though that you probably ca n't keep doing this year after year without the IRS getting on your case . 2 . Alternatively , you can avoid the underpayment penalty *if* any of the following are truea ) you owed no tax at all in the prior tax year ( and were a US citizen/resident for all of that year ) b ) you expect to owe less than $ 1000 in tax this year ( unlikely , since you 're exercising ISOs ) c ) your ordinary income tax withholding ( e.g . from your wages and/or NQSO exercise ) will exceed 90 % of this year 's tax bill . This may happen if your ISO exercise/sale is less than around 10 % of your total income for the year.d ) your ordinary income tax withholding ( from wages and/or NQSO ) is greater than 100 % of your last year 's tax liability and your previous year 's Adjusted Gross Income was < $ 150,000 . If your previous year 's AGI was > = $ 150,000 ( lucky you ) , then you need to pay at least 110 % of last year 's tax liability in order to avoid a tax underpayment penalty.Clear ? As mud ? Option d ) is usually the easiest one to satisfy if you 're making a large ISO exercise in this year only , particularly if you got a raise this year and are hence paying more taxes than last year anyway.However , you may also want to consider whether you should do an exercise and hold ( for 1 year ) to pay long term capital gains tax ( 15 % ) instead of your ordinary W2 income tax rate ( probably 25-35 % ) . If you do , you will *still* be subject to tax this year , due to the dreaded AMT ( Alternative Minimum Tax ) , but you can use that AMT tax liability as a credit for future years when your AMT is less than your ordinary income tax . However , that 's a topic for a whole 'nother question/answer . * Even with NQSOs , if the amount held at source is less than your eventual tax rate for the year , you may be subject to tax penalties unless you meet one of the exceptions listed in a ) through d ) above . 
6	How do I roll my 401 ( k ) over to a traditional IRA ? I have a retirement plan with my former employer and I want to roll it over to a traditional IRA . What are my other options ? Just go to vanguard.com or any of the brokerage firms ( Vanguard usually has the lowest fees ) , sign up for a rollover IRA account , and follow the directions they give you . It usually involves filling out a form and submitting that to whatever company is managing your old 401 ( k ) . 
6	Is this the end of the housing boom ? For October , existing home sales was down while new home sales surged. ? With consumer confidence and new home sales up , it is almost 100 % sure that the Feds will raise short term interest rate again in December and likely in January . Will long term rate move up more ? With current mortage rate , buyer are still willing to pay premium for houses . Clearly , easy money are still out there . I think there is a lag in new home sales and the closings in October really were under contract in Aug and September , thus November numbers should be down dramatically even after seasonal adjustment . Rates will undoubtedly go up again at the next meeting , but with the advent of so many new mortgage products ( interest only , reverse mortgage , etc . ) money is still relatively easy but definitly more risky . I expect volume levels to slow , prices to flatten across most of the US but do not see a big drop in prices unless rates get above 8 % . 
5	What is the best Tennis club in or near Sunnyvale , CA ? I 'd like to find a tennis club that has indoor courts and a variety of events that help you find other players to play with . the Sunnyvale Municipal Tennis Center ( right next to the Cherry Orchard plaza ) has great facilities . it 's near the sunnyvale/saratoga and el camino real intersection . 
3	Parttime MBA or Certification in Management , which one is better . Where can I do the Mgmt . certification from . As as working professional I dont have time to goto college . I want to do either the Part Time MBA or Certification in Mgmt . Which one has more value and what would you recommend for me ? You see , one of the biggest value an MBA will bring is the `` networking '' opportunity . Hence , a part-time MBA with no classroom-based activities will miss this important piece.If you want to go for a fully remote-based degree , the Open university is a good option.Columbia also has a good option for a certificate : you keep taking several courses and after some time you can apply for a certificate in business excellence.I think both the part-time mba or the certificate are good options if you pick a good school.If you can afford going to the campus about twice a month , an executive mba is the best option in my opinion . Chech NYU , Kellog or Columbia . 
6	Would Amazon sell as much stuff if they required California residents to pay tax ? Their lower sales rate in Washington state would suggest that no , they would n't . I knew quite a few people ( even Amazonians ) who did n't buy from Amazon due to that factor . Given a high state sales tax ( > 8 % in both WA and CA ) , it 's the simple economics of a higher price . Also , WA no longer has a shipping facility , so the convenience of buying online is occasionally outweighed by the delay of obtaining the goods . 
6	I am being harassed by a telemarketing company even though i requested to be not called . Help ? The federal DNC is your best bet but there will still be a lag between when you register and the telemarketers check the list ( 4 to 8 weeks at least ) In the meantime , you 're doing the right thing by telling them to put you on their list . If they call again use your caller ID and pass that info on to the site below.It only works if you have n't done any biz with them though . One transaction with them means they have the right to keep calling you for up to 18 months . 
3	Are there excellent Catholic schools in Las Vegas ? If you are referring to High Schools , there 's Bishop Gorman , a well established private Catholic school . 
1	What animal species are monogamous ? Depends on what your view on monogamy is ? In birds that many are monogamous for a single nesting ( House Wrens ) , an entire breeding season ( most bird species , including most passerines ) , several successive breeding seasons ( observed in some pairs of American Robins , Tree Swallows , Mourning Doves , etc . ) , or life ( albatrosses , petrels , swans , geese , eagles , and some owls and parrots ) .That said many scientist believe that `` In avoiding extinction , it pays to be promiscuous '' . 
1	What is the role of music in evolution ? There 's also an interesting section on how birdsong matches some very intellectual Music Theory in the book Animals in Translation . The conclusion seems to be that music might be a precursor to language in brain formation . ( Check around page 278 on Look Inside at the Amazon link below , or search for `` birdsong '' ) 
9	why `` liberal '' in the US is considered as `` left '' , while in europe is used to define a conservative ? Sorry , here in Europe , liberal is not conservative ... Is not left ( actually , is center-right ) , but here in Europe , in the Center right has three families : Conservatives , Christian-Democrats and Liberals ; and they are pretty differents . 
2	Which is better for back pain -- ice or heat ? Looks like for the first 72 hours after an back injury or strain , you should use ice to reduce inflammation and pain . After that , heat can be applied or used alternately with ice . If you apply heat too early you could worsen the inflammation . Link from webMD below : 
4	Where can I buy a copy of Hypercard 2.4 for Mac ? Hypercard came with the old mac OS , and it looks like you can download 2.4.1 at http : //www.versiontracker.com/dyn/moreinfo/macos/338 . That said , Hypercard is an old , obsolete technology that has n't been updated in 7 years . I would n't be surprised if it did n't even run right under Classic mode in OS X . For you to need this , you must have a really old computer . 
5	What is Michael Jordan doing now ? Is he working ? michael jordan is something like VP of the Jordan Brand for Nike . he 's got final approval over the entire line - shoes , shirts , pants , etc . he 's also spending a lot of time with his family . his son jeffrey is a sophomore in high school and he 's going to his basketball games.this was all that i remember from when he was on oprah . 
1	What is the other nickname of Georgia besides Peach State ? Empire State of the South 
7	What Warner Bros. cartoon character turned 50 yrs old on September 16 , 1999 ? Wile E. Coyote 
6	why some companies have survived for more then 50 years while others have failed only after 5 ? why is that ? a while ago I 've red a very good book about this phenomena . it called- `` Built to Last : Successful Habits of Visionary Companies '' by James C. Collins , Jerry I. Porras they picked only companies that have lasted more then 50 years and tried to point out the reason for succeeding such a long time . I recommend it there is a lot to learn in it 
4	What is the difference between AGP and PCI graphics cards ? AGP or Accelerated Graphics Port succeeded PCI or Peripheral Component Interconnect as a technology to connect graphics cards to a computer 's motherboard . PCI is still used to connect other devices like ethernet and sound cards.AGP slots provide a dedicated link between the card and the CPU and thus providing faster communication between them . There are other enhancements as well . See the source for more . But the bottom line is that AGP cards perform much better.But now AGP is getting phased in favor of PCIe or PCI Express which is even faster and can be used as the bus for all the devices in a machine . 
5	Who Will be the League MVP this Year ? Who Will be the League MVP this Year ? Iverson ? ? ? Lebron ? ? Kobe ? ? The only correct answer from anybody is that they do not know . The league awards tend to shape up after the All-Star break . Later on in the season would be a better time to ask . 
5	What is the best slope in Tahoe for snowboarders ? North Star and Heavenly are my personal favorites . Both seem well groomed and Heavenly top-of-the-slope offers a breathtaking view of Lake Tahoe.Try the second source link for a picture of Lake Tahoe from the top of Heavenly.Hope this helps ! 
6	What is the difference between networking and pyramiding ? Networking is interconnecting with other people and talk to them about the business or the product . People use the product and recommend it to other people . The product or business gets recognized by word of mouth.Pyramiding is scam . Pyramiding is when a group asks you for money having the chance to profit from other people 's payment who would be joining later.Pyramiding is very common in the Philippines . 
3	What does the term playing hooky mean ? To play hooky is to skip school , to be truant . 
4	Who invented the mouse ? According to the bible , it was God.According to Darwin , it was natural evolution.Many others will convince you that it was Steve Jobs and Apple.The answer , according to http : //www.superkids.com/aweb/pages/features/mouse/mouse.html , is Doug Engelbart . ( which I found via this Yahoo ! Search http : //myweb2.search.yahoo.com/search ? p=who+invented+the+mouse . ) 
1	How Much Wood Can A Wood Chuck Chuck ? I just love Wood Chucks ... . well ... it depends if a wood chuck could chuck wood 
7	What was Alfred Hitchcock 's contribution to the movie industry ? Hitchcock directed , produced and wrote some of the greatest suspense films of all time . His career spanned from the 1920 's to the 1970 's . His classic films include `` Psycho '' , `` Rear Window '' , `` Vertigo '' , `` North by Northwest '' , and `` The Birds '' . He also hosted two groundbreaking suspense anthology series on television . It would be difficult to overstate the influence Hitchcock had on the industry . His showmanship , his cinematography and his approach to suspense are felt to this day , recently in Gus Van Sant 's shot-by-shot recreation of `` Psycho '' . 
3	Where did the term `` I 'll be there with bells on '' originate ? I seem to remember reading somewhere that in the old sled/carriage days that if a fellow teamster had to bail you out of trouble , you traditionally gave them your sleighbells as a thank you ( or mark of shame ? ) . Ca n't find that reference any more . Direct quote from http : //www.rootsweb.com/~genepool/meanings.htm : `` To be somewhere with `` bells on '' refers to a practice peddlers had when they roamed the area west of the Appalachians selling wares . To avoid Indians , they traveled as silently as possible until they reached a settled area . Then they unmuffled bells hung around their horses necks to announce their arrival to outlying cabins . Hence , `` I 'll be there with bells on . '' The peddlers ' arrival was a much anticipated major event in the mostly tedious and hard lives of settlers , not only for the goods they sold , but also for the news , letters , and messages they carried from the outside world . '' 
6	Why are we here ? To ask and answer questions . Duh ! 
4	Which is better a Linux operating system over a Windows operating system ? Your question is the probably wrong question to ask.What you should ask yourself , what applications do I want to run and find a machine that runs it.But , if you do n't care about what applications you run , Linux is currently more robust and secure than Windows which is very vunerable to Spyware , Trojans , Viruses , etc.You have to be a bit of a Geek to be able to manage a Linux system . On the other hand , you have to be a bit of a wizard to manage a Windows machine ... The Macintosh runs an OS similar to Linux , but has a nicer frontend on top of it , so I think the Macintosh is a better choice.Best thing to do is try them out if you can . 
7	What is the size of Paris Hilton 's feet ? She has size 11 feet . 
6	How does this site make money ? I guess advertisements will be added eventually when it has certain traffic . I think you answered your own question.Besides , at orientation were n't we told to make cool stuff , then worry about how to make money ? Perhaps this is a cool thing that simply has n't had a money-making idea created from it yet . However , advertisement is , I think , the most probable means . 
8	how can you cause a toddler to do something that they do n't want to do ? It typically works really well to give them a choice about part of the afair . For example , if they need to take a gross medicine , that 's not an option . But it will go down a lot better if they can choose to take it with the blue or the red spoon , or to get a kiss or a hug afterwards . I also try to leave room for `` rewards '' . For example , at dinner , the kids can take seconds of whatever they like best after they finish eating . However , I make sure to serve them at least a little bit of everything and make them eat that first , and save some of the stuff they really like for seconds . 
1	What triangle shaped island is the largest in the Mediterranean ? It 's Sicily . 
4	What is a router ? A router is a network device which is connected between network subnets and knows where to send a packet it received.When you use your browser to look at Yahoo ! , for example , HTTP data packets from your PC travels to Yahoo by going from router to router until they reach Yahoo ! server . Each router is a `` hop '' on the way and each knows where to send your packet next.A response from Yahoo goes back through the network in similar way ( not necessarily through same networks ) .You may have a router box at home , which usually knows about your home subnet and your ISP subnet.Cisco builds `` big iron '' routers which are the backbone of the internet . 
8	What is a family ? It 's the society . It 's the people we love . It could be our mother , father , siblings , cousins , aunts , uncles , friends , etc . Family is not only those who are related to us by blood . 
8	What 's the best age gap between siblings ? The New England Journal of Medicine recently published a study suggesting that parents should wait 18 to 23 months after a full-term birth before conceiving again . Interestingly enough , the average age gap between siblings in America is about two and a half years -- which means we must be following this advice ! I personally have two sisters , one 6 years older and the other 11 years older , and we get along famously . You have to worry about competition between siblings when the age gap is too small ; but with families with wide gaps in age between the siblings , you have to worry that they 'll be raised almost like one `` only child '' after another . Best , ` k . 
3	What is the world 's largest island ? At 840,000 square miles ( 2,175,590 km2 ) , Greenland is the world 's largest island . Although Australia also meets the definition of an island ( a piece of land surrounded by water ) , it is large enough to be considered its own continent . 
7	what does `` The Forgotten Arm , '' in the title of Aimee 's new album mean ? The Forgotten Arm of Aimee Mann 's newest album refers to a boxing technique where , `` a fighter in close quarters uses one arm to punch and lets the other arm hide , waiting to land a surprise blow '' .This conceptual album follows the story of a boxer and his sweetheart through their tumultous love . The idea of the suprise blow is an apt metaphor for when things in a love relationship suddenly go wrong . She could have been using the idea to this end . 
7	what 's the best Sirius satellite radio to get ? the majority of the listening would be in the car ( howard stern ! ) , but would love to be able to listen at home/work . would prefer something that could plug into an open aux input on both car stereo or home receiver as opposed to using FM . You want one of the dockable tuners , all of them have some sort of line out capability . After that the prime factor is form factor and UI . I prefer the look of the Clarion but the JVC and Audiovox are also good . Also , if you have broadband at home , you do n't need a tuner , all sirius subscribers can stream Sirius channels via the internet for free . 
4	What 's the best search engine ? well.. http : //www.scroogle.org/ is the best coz.. it doesnt keep logs like google . ( Its basically Yahoo and Google scraper.. Ad free and free of access logs ) I also recommend http : //www.clusty.com , which has better results than Google and does n't track you . 
7	How do you set-up a personal video recorder without monthly fees ? I figure why pay TiVo or a cable company or a satellite company to use a personal video recorder , after all , it 's just a piece of timer software that records data to a hard drive . Just a matter of getting the tv listings , hooking up a home computer and finding the right software for one-time up front cost ( something cheap , like $ 50 and not 300-500 like TiVo/ReplayTV charge you ) . Easy , SnapStream , or I think it 's now called BeyondTV , there was an article written on it in 2002 on tomsnetworking.com , great article : http : //www.tomsnetworking.com/network/20020423/A little more than $ 50 , but $ 69.99 ai n't bad . If you do n't already have a tv tuner card for your PC then get the bundle that comes with it.I 'm not sure but I think the XP Media Edition PCs have similar software already built-in as well . 
7	What 's the name of Paris Hilton 's pet dog ? Tinkerbell is the name of her chihuahua , who famously went missing last year but was soon after found hiding in Paris 's closet ! 
5	What are the advantages of a compact crankset over a triple on a bicycle ? I 'm considering switching out my triple crankset for a compact . I tried a rental bike with a compact ( Cannondale R2000 , nice bike ) and liked it quite a bit . Right now I 'm riding a Specialized Roubaix with Shimano 105 components.I 'm something of a beginner , having just started about three months ago . I have a climber 's build and tend to like moderately hilly routes . The main advantage is that the compact crankset gearing is much closer to the high cadence riding that is the current trend in modern cycling . With a standard triple crank you have 30/42/52 chainrings , from which most people use the 42 and 30 rings . The 30 is a little too short for most hilly rides , and basically you 're spinning super fast to get up a hill . The 42 is a bit too small for barrelling down a hill , and the 52 is so steep that it 's rarely being used.The compact crankset has 50 and 34 tooth gears which are theoretically better for the way most cyclists ride today . The 34 gives you short enough gearing to get up big hills but is not quite as short as the granny gear on the triple , and the 50 gives you the speed in a manageable dose.A couple things to consider , though . In order to switch to a double compact , you need to replace a fair number of components , including the bottom bracket , cranks , rear derailleur ( optional but highly recommended ) , front derailleur and possibly your left shifter . You might be able to get what you want from switching out the cassette on your bike , which is of course a lot cheaper . 
3	Can someone direct to me to a good site about volcanoes ? I need to know the top 10 deadliest volcano in the world . This site has the answer you are looking for : http : //www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0197833.html Many more resources below ... 
3	How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood ? According to a Wall Street Journal article referenced here , Richard Thomas , a wildlife expert from New York , estimated that a woodchuck moves about 700 pounds of dirt in building its burrow ... so , he estimated that over that same time and effort , a woodchuck could chuck 700 pounds of wood if a woodchuck could chuck wood . 
5	Who is the best formula 1 driver to ever live ? Aryton Senna , Michael Schumacher , Giuseppe Farina , Mike Hawhtorn , Phil Hill , John Surtees , Denis Hulme , Jochen Ridnt , James Hunt , Mario Andretti , Jodie Scheckter , Alan Jones , Keke Rosberg , Nigel Mansell , Damon Hill , Jacques Villenueve ? Statistically Michael Schumacher is the best , though it 's not an apples to apples comparison as the car is a much larger factor in driver success than it has been in the past . My vote 's with Ayrton , he had a razor sharp focus that I have n't seen since , and F1 in the early 1990 's was much more competitive than it is today . 
9	What is the name of Ariel Sharon 's new party ? “ Kadima , ” or “ forward , ” 
3	How many colleges require you to have a foreign language credit ? It actually depends on the degree you are seeking and not necessarily on the college or university you choose . Most programs for Bachelor of Arts require four semesters of a foreign language while often Bachelor of Science degrees do not require any foreign language at all . 
4	Why do videos run slow on my computer ? i think you need to upgrade your memory card and graphic card.concult any hardware specialist ... you will find your way outt but ofcourse you need to spend some cash heeeee bye.hav a nice dayyy.. 
5	who won the world series ? 2005 The Chicago White Sox won the 2005 World Series . 
6	What exactly is the difference between stock options and stock grants ? Stock option grants and stock grants are two forms of compensation often offered as incentives in addition to base salary offered to a newly hired employee . This practice is especially common in the high tech industry . Stock options are contracts that allow you to buy or sell specific amount of a particular stock at a certain price within a set period of time . The set price is called the strike price . When you ( the stock option holder ) make use of your right to buy/sell stock according to the terms of the option , you are exercising the option . Call options are options giving you the right to buy stock . Put options are options giving you the right to sell stock . Employers grant call options to employees . Let 's take an example : Let 's say you are hired by Google and they offer you options to buy 100 shares of Google stock at $ 400 within the next 5 years . This stock option gives you the right to buy 100 shares of Google stock at exactly $ 400 any time within the next 5 years . Let 's say it 's after four years now . Suppose Google stock is at $ 300 now , now your options are worthless , because you could buy Google stock in the market for $ 300 , much less than the $ 400 price offered by your stock option . Now suppose Google stock is at $ 500 now , then if you exercise your option , you could buy 100 shares at $ 400 . Then you can turn around and sell it on the stock market for the current price of $ 500 , making a $ 100*100= $ 10000 profit . So the stock option is basically not worth anything if currently the stock price is lower than your option strike price . But as long as your option has not expired , it 's possible that the stock price could go above your strike price and make your stock options worth something.Stock grants are simpler to understand . The employer gives you some shares of stock for free . So let 's use the Google example again . Suppose Google hired you and gave you 100 shares in a stock grant . Now you own 100 shares of Google stock . At anytime , you could sell that stock for whatever price it is trading at on the stock market.Stock option and stock grants are usually offered on terms called vesting . That means that you are not given the full amount of options or stock right away , but rather the employer gives it to you over time . A common vesting schedule is vesting over four years , so that you get 1/4 of the stock or options offered after the first , second , third , and fourth year you have been at the company . This is done to give employees an incentive to stay at the company . 
7	Is the song , `` Puff the Magic Dragon '' really about drugs ? Snopes.com says NO , it 's about the loss of childhood innocence . 
3	Which came first , the chicken or the egg ? Evolutionary theory seems to point toward the egg being first . All animals on earth mutated and evolved from the first life forms . It 's likely that the first chicken as we know it today hatched after eons of genetic mutations and changes . 
5	who holds the nba record for most consecutive 3 point field goals made ? According to basketball.com 's listing of NBA records , Brent Price ( Washington ) hit 13 in a row from 1/15/96 to 1/19/96 ; Terry Mills ( Detroit ) also hit 13 in a row from 12/4/96 to 12/7/96 . Do n't see anything about most consecutive 3 pointers hit in one single game . 
4	For $ 1000 or less , what 's the best 1600x1200 LCD monitor for digital photography ? I.e. , most accurate color ? I recently purchased a new DSLR camera and a new photo printer , and I 'm ready to replace an older ( smaller ) monitor.How much better are the monitors above $ 1000 ? The problem with most current LCD technology is that the chrominance is n't as good as with traditional CRT-based monitors . There are some LCD ones just coming out that have full-color backlight which should make them actually _better_ than CRTs ( according to some Wired article I read , anyhow . ) Personally , I 've been pretty happy with the Dell 24xx monitors - they 're under $ 1k , they have a multitude of inputs , and I think I 've only got one stuck pixel ( and no dead ones . ) You 're still going to have to color-correct anyway , but you 'd have to do that on _any_ monitor you get . ( A good gamma correction curve will solve a multitude of ills . ) 
7	In what year did Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day get married ? he got married on July 2 , 1994 . 
1	how come our eyes are located in the front and not on the side of the head ? The predatory mammals ( which includes us humans ) -- flesh-eating hunters such as the cats the dogs , wolves and foxes ; the bears ; and the weasel family -- have binocular vision : eyes in the front of their heads , with powerful eye muscles that enable them to focus very rapidly and to contract or dilate the pupils according to whether the light is bright or dim . An animal that is preyed upon by many enemies has its eyes out on the sides of its head : each eye with its own field of vision . For example , a cottontail rabbit can see what is above , behind , on either side , and in front of it except what is right before its nose . He probably does not see the clover leaf he eats . Species which are hunted by other animals but which are predators themselves at times , commonly have eyes that are a compromise . A possum 's eyes are located at an angle of about 30 degrees with the axis of the body . 
4	What is SAP ? SAP is the biggest European software company headquartered in Walldorf , Germany . SAP was founded in 1972 as Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung by five former IBM employees in Mannheim , Germany . The acronym was later changed to mean Systeme , Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung ( `` Systems , Applications And Products in Data Processing '' ) but since the Annual General Meeting of 2005 , the company 's official name is just SAP AG.Although not exactly a household name , SAP is the fourth-largest software company in the world . It ranks after Microsoft , IBM and Oracle in terms of market capitalization . SAP is the largest company in terms of revenue as per latest data , and the largest ERP solution software provider ( also in terms of revenue ) .SAP 's products are in the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) business sector . The company 's main product is SAP R/3 , where the `` R '' stands for real-time data processing , the number 3 relates to the three tier application architecture : database , application server and client - SAPgui is the desktop software for using SAP R/3 . The predecessor to R/3 was R/2 . Other major offerings include Advanced Planner and Optimizer ( APO ) , Business Information Warehouse ( BW ) , Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) , Supplier Relationship Management ( SRM ) , Human Resource Management Systems ( HRMS ) , Product Lifecycle Management ( PLM ) and Knowledge Warehouse ( KW ) . The company also offers a new technology platform , named SAP NetWeaver . While its original products are mostly used by larger companies , SAP is now also offering products for small and medium sized enterprises ( SME ) with SAP Business One and mySAP All-in-One.More than 28,000 companies run SAP , at over 91,500 locations . SAP users number over 12 million people in more than 120 countries . 
4	How do you clean a computer monitor 's screen ? I suggest using cleaning wipes made for monitors such as Fellowes Screen Cleaning Wipes . It 's made specifically for CRT & LCD monitors . It 's alcohol and streak free and has anti-static properties . Just make sure never to push down on the LCD when you 're cleaning/wiping or you could give your monitor a dead pixel or two.Here 's more info on the product : http : //www.officeworks.com.au/shop/catalog/sku.asp ? ID=FE99702 & LEVEL=SK & PR=Q71 & SID=68EACB0PKQDR9HPDWW5MU2WPRDJ1BK58It 's for a local stationery supply place in Sydney , but I 'm sure you can find the equivalent where ever you are . 
5	What 's better Snowboarding or Skiing ? Thinking of picking up either Snowboarding or Skiing as a hobby . Which one better ? Which one is easier to learn ? Thanks , Sam i found myself picking up snowboarding faster than skiing . by picking up , i mean i felt ready to take on the more intermmediate/advanced runs after a day or two of the bunny slopes . one board and 2 turns ( backside and frontside ) was a lot less to deal with than 2 poles and 2 skis and limbs flailing around in different directions . moguls are harder on a snowboard and more fun on skis . flatter runs are more frustrating on a snowboard . getting off the ski lift seems easier on skis 
7	Where is the best place to park when going to a San Jose Sharks Game ? Do n't park , take the new light rail station and enjoy a short walk to the stadium . You could park at the new `` Bascom '' stop and be to the stadium in under 15 minutes once you 're on the light rail . 
3	Why do we call the initial test `` alpha test '' and the next test `` beta test '' ? `` Historical note : More formally , to beta-test is to test a pre-release ( potentially unreliable ) version of a piece of software by making it available to selected ( or self-selected ) customers and users . This term derives from early 1960s terminology for product cycle checkpoints , first used at IBM but later standard throughout the industry . Alpha Test was the unit , module , or component test phase ; Beta Test was initial system test . These themselves came from earlier A- and B-tests for hardware . The A-test was a feasibility and manufacturability evaluation done before any commitment to design and development . The B-test was a demonstration that the engineering model functioned as specified . The C-test ( corresponding to today 's beta ) was the B-test performed on early samples of the production design , and the D test was the C test repeated after the model had been in production a while . '' 
7	Why did the Replacements break up ? Defeated from the lackluster performance of Do n't Tell a Soul , Paul Westerberg planned on recording a solo album , but Sire rejected the idea . Consequently , the next Replacements album , All Shook Down , was a solo Westerberg record in all but name . Recorded with a cast of session musicians as well as the band , All Shook Down was a stripped-down , largely acoustic affair that hinted at the turmoil within the band . Chris Mars left shortly after its fall 1990 release , claiming that Westerberg had assumed control of the band ; he would launch a solo career two years later . The Replacements toured in support of All Shook Down , with Steve Foley , formerly of the Minneapolis-based Things Fall Down , as their new drummer . Neither the tour nor the album were successful , and the Replacements quietly disbanded in the summer of 1991 . 
3	Where can I find out the history of a holiday ? Here are the sites where you could find information about holidays . 
5	What is Bill Russell 's single game career high for total rebounds ? 51 . `` Grabbed a career-high 51 rebounds vs. Syracuse ( Feb. 5 , 1960 ) , making him one of two players ever ( Wilt Chamberlain ) to grab more than 50 boards in a game . '' 
6	What is the difference between a tigon and a liger ? Offspring between a lion and tiger : male tiger + female lion = tigonmale lion + female tiger = liger 
6	Can anyone recommend a reliable and cost effective person to do our personal Trust and will ? FYI , most attorneys will charge you the same amount so you do n't need to worry about shopping around too much . Also , most of the stuff is boilerplate anyhow.My wife and I used : Ron WestphalWestphal and Patrick408.280.0660We found him to be very thorough . 
5	Who was Pele 's best companion at the Santos attack ? Coutinho was his best partner and they played together for many years in Santos.Pele also had Edu as a good partner 
3	How do you feel about sex education for 4th and 5th graders ? Is it too soon ? I have mixed feelings about this . My son is in the 5th grade , and he 's quite innocent , so it seems a little early to expose him to the topic ( this year ) . On the other hand , he makes some random comments that he has heard from other classmates , who probably have older siblings , and seems to be at the threshold of being exposed to facts and half-truths . So doing it in a formal fashion is probably better . 4th grade is too early , in my opinion . 
1	What sea separates Norway from Northern England ? The North Sea . 
1	why does polar bear 's fur turn green ? Algae ... 
6	do you think that the people who make Evian bottled water meant for it to be spelled Naive backwards ? just wonderin . the stuff is 2 bucks a pop ! Yes , it is all taken care of by the gods in trivial knowledge panthenon of the discworld called Topaxi , God of certain mushrooms , and also of great ideas that you forgot to write down and will never remember again , and of people who tell other people the `` dog '' is `` god '' spelled backwards and think this is in some way revelatory ( a little red god ) 
1	what is the fibbonacci sequence ? how has the fibbonacci sequence been used by sculptors , architects , and painters Well , many people answered the question . Fibonacci sequence starts from 0 and Nth Fibonacci Number is sum of ( N-1 ) th and ( N-2 ) th Fibonacci Number.Sequence goes like 0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34… ... .It is an empirical fact that the ratio of consecutive Fibonacci Numbers converges to an interesting value near to 1.6 called ( to be accurate it is ( 1+SQRT ( 5 ) ) /2 ) golden ratio or golden mean.There ere are some interesting facts about golden ratio:1.The growth of nautilus shell , growth of populations and many other kinds of natural “ growing , ” are somehow governed by mathematical properties exhibited in the Fibonacci sequence . Not just the rate of growth , but the pattern of growth . Examine the crisscrossing spiral seed pattern in the head of a sunflower , for instance , and you will discover that the number of spirals in each direction is invariably two consecutive Fibonacci numbers.2 . Golden ratio is related to construction of great ancient architectures like Great pyramids in Egypt . Link : http : //www.dartmouth.edu/~matc/math5.geometry/unit2/unit2.html3.You can follow this link for exploring its use in poetry , music , art and now a days it is used for stock market predictions as well . This link will tell you the origin of the word Fibonacci as well.Link : http : //www2.evansville.edu/studiochalkboard/cm-fibonacci.html 
3	How did language start ? Especially the English language.. who define the ABCDE ... . Language predates the alphabet . The origins of Language are lost to the mists of time . The alphabet as we know it was developed by the Phonecians about 3000 years ago , and modified first by the Greeks , and then the Romans for their own languages before we adopted it from the Romans.The origins of the English language specifically date to sometime after 1066 when Willam the Conqueror became King of England . The commoners spoke something related to the ancestor language of Dutch while the nobility spoke French . We kept the grammar of the native Anglo-Saxon tongue while adding huge amounts of French vocabulary.The result is recognizably English , while still sounding very different from what we speak today . It 's not until Shakespear 's time that Modern English emerged . 
1	What is the Capital City of Jamaica ? Kingston 
4	Is there a way to change google earth to night-time images ? yes - close your eyes . see - its night time ! 
6	are all women capable of having orgasms during sex -even obese people ? sure they can ! 
9	What is the Knights of Malta Military Roll and Situation In This Century specially after the year 2000 ? The Knights of Malta have not engaged in actual military activities since Napolean 's seizure of Malta in 1798 at least . 
1	How come when ever you did a hole there is never enough dirt to fill it back in ? I think u mean dig , and the reason is you just loose some of the dirt onto the ground u pile it on . 
9	Does the CIA own yahoo ? No , Yahoo is a publically traded company , so Yahoo is owned by its shareholders.Of course , some people in the CIA might own shares of Yahoo , so there 's nothing that says that individuals in the CIA might not own a tiny fraction of Yahoo ! 
0	help with a spainish to english translation from Colombia- what does this say ? BUENO NEGRAA.ES QUE ME LLEGO DESDE PALENQUE AL CORREO DE LA WEB DELA GALERIA , INFORMACION DE ANATANAEL ALIAS EL TANO.ALLITE ENVIO PARA QUE TU HAGA LO DEMAS , BUENO MIJA PONTE ATRABAJAAAA.PONTE A QUITALE LAS ESCAMAS AL PESCAO.PORQUE YO YA NOSE A QUE SABE NI COMO LO COCINAN , BUENO NO JODA ES QUEESTO HIJUEPUTAS ME ESCRIBEN ES EM INGLES Y YO DE VAINAPARLOTEO EL ESPANINGLISH.NEGRA MALUCA A NO PERDON , MI PURRUNGUITA , LLAMAME OESCRIBEME.CHELY.BUENO RAY ESTA AFANAO AQUI A MI LAO , QUE TE DIGA NEGRABEMBONA , BUENO YO LE DIJE QUE TU ERAS BEMBIONA CUANDO CHUIQUITICA . well Black Woman ( lovely ) : it ` s because i get from Palenque the gallery ` s web mail about Anatanael 's , A.K.A El Tanò , information , i send to you there so you can do the rest , well `` woman '' get yourself to work.take off the fish ` s grudges because I don ` t know how its flavor is , neither how they cook it , well , fuck , is that this motherfuckers write to me in english and I , luckly talk the spanglishUgly black woman , ahh forgive me , my `` is a strange way to say dear or baby '' call me or write to meChelyWell Ray is hurry here , next to me , that i have to say to you black woman with big mouth , well i told him that you have big mputuh when you were little 
6	I ca n't find add contact on Yahoo Msg . Think do n't have. ? I 'm trying to add a contact to my Yahoo Msg , ca n't find `` Add Contact . '' Do I need sending invite before able to chat ? If so , how do I do ? The very top of Yahoo Msg . there is `` contacts '' click on that.. the first option is add contact..click on that..follow the instructions . 
8	6th Wedding Anniversary - Any Ideas ? My husband and I will be celebrating our 6th wedding anniversary next Friday . I would love to do something special for him , but we are a little limited on funds . What can I do to make this night special ? I would love to hear some ideas from some of you ! Thank you in advance ! : ) My favorite times with my loved one is when we actually have time to sit and reflect about what the other one means to us . Going out to eat is traditionally what is done on an anniversary , but I prefer one on one time where there is nobody else around . No strangers talking loudly , no waiters to interrupt , no time wasted in line or in the car . In my opinion , Anniversaries are about each other , and to do that , you 've got ta block out the rest of the world . Here 's my recipe for a fabulous anniversary . FIRST , AND MOST IMPORTANTLY , GET SOME PAPER , PENS , AND AN ENVELOPE . I 'll tell you why in a little bit.Next , plan the environment - Stay home ( or rent a hotel if you want to get away from the day-to-day ) . Turn off the lights , turn on the music , light the candles . Put your favorite ( but easy to prepare ) foods around you - cheeses , pizza , strawberries , chocolate , wine , etc.Now here comes the important part - sit directly in front of each other on the floor . Knee to knee , and eye to eye . Be sure to hold hands and feed each other . Talk about 'the time when we ... ' or 'that one time when we ... ' . Before you know it , hours will have passed . Do n't be afraid to sip a little more wine than what you normally do . You 'll soon find yourself maybe getting a little frisky . But before you go any further , grab that piece of paper and pen , and write down a few lines about what that other person means to you . How they make you feel , and why you love them . Why you appreciate them . The more specific you get the better . For example , I love my man more everytime I catch him acting like a little kid when he thinks no one is around . Now do n't let the other person read it . Seal it in the envelope , and save it for your next anniversary . It 's so fun , and gives you something really fantastic to look forward to . Now would be a good time to finish off the night with a long kiss ... and maybe more.You 've just created a wonderful memory of the two of you together , sincerely enjoying each other.Much better than some boring evening at an overpriced restaurant where nobody talked to each other , do n't you think ? 
7	What kind of animal were the ANIMANIACS ? well they looked like dogs , but the professor called them monkeys , or monkey face children . `` dont know what to say the monkeys wo n't do '' 
6	how about a index or table of contants of all on the web ? too convienent ? ? Well , search engines like Yahoo ! and Google try to be something like that but , of course , they can only be approximate . There are a number of problems with indexing EVERYTHING on the web : a ) It changes every second ! No index or table of contents could keep up.b ) It is de-centralized . New web pages do not have to pass through any central controlling authority . How would an indexer/table-of-contents-compiler know what to add ? The best that the search engines can do is something called `` crawling '' the web , looking for new pages.c ) Some people do n't WANT the rest of the world to know about their web pages . They just want a few people -- maybe just friends and family -- to be able to find the pages easily . 
3	i need help with using sparknotes.com . please click this q if you can help for more details . thanx ? will sum1 go to www.sparknotes.com and find a chp by chp summary of Summer of the Monkeys and then post it onto the answers.thanyou so much cuz i dont know how . i tried but cant . Part One ( revised 2.28.96 ) [ Note : This is a single part of what will be , by my classification , about 240 compact tribal histories ( contact to 1900 ) . It is limited to the lower 48 states of the U.S. but also includes those First Nations from Canada and Mexico that had important roles ( Huron , Micmac , Assiniboine , etc . ) .Although this Cherokee history is larger than most , it 's content and style are representative . The normal process at this point is to circulate an almost finished product among a peer group for comment and criticism.Using the Internet , this can be more inclusive . Feel free to comment or suggest corrections via e-mail . Working together we can end some of the historical misinformation about Native Americans . You will find the ego at this end is standard size . Thanks for stopping by . I look forward to your comments ... Lee Sultzman ] -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- LocationOriginal : The southern Appalachian Mountains : including western North and South Carolina , northern Georgia and Alabama , southwest Virginia , and the Cumberland Basin of Tennessee , Kentucky , and northern Alabama.Current : Distributed across the United States , but concentrated in eastern Oklahoma . The eastern Cherokee still maintain their reservation in western North Carolina . The Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory has almost 12,000 members and has been recognized by the State of Missouri . Other groups of Cherokee , like the 2,500 members of the North Alabama Cherokee , are located in Arkansas , Georgia , and Alabama but currently do not have federal recognition.PopulationEuropean epidemics introduced into the southeastern United States in 1540 by the Desoto expedition are estimated to have killed at least 75 % of the original native population . How much the Cherokee suffered from this disaster in unknown , but their population in 1674 was about 50,000 . A series of smallpox epidemics ( 1729 , 1738 , and 1753 ) cut this in half , and it remained fairly stable at about 25,000 until their removal to Oklahoma during the 1830s . The American Civil War was the next disaster and cost the Cherokee 25 % of their population . No other group of Americans , red or white , suffered as severely during this conflict . The 1990 census listed 308,132 persons ( 15,000 full-blood ) who identified themselves as Cherokee . Of these , 95,435 were concentrated in eastern Oklahoma while 10,114 eastern Cherokee lived on or near the North Carolina reservation . Cherokee tribal governments have fairly liberal membership standards , and some estimates exceed 370,000 , which would make the Cherokee the largest Native American group in the United States.NameThe most familiar name , Cherokee , comes from a Creek word `` Chelokee '' meaning `` people of a different speech . '' In their own language the Cherokee originally called themselves the Aniyunwiya ( or Anniyaya ) `` principal people '' or the Keetoowah ( or Anikituaghi , Anikituhwagi ) `` people of Kituhwa . '' Although they usually accept being called Cherokee , many prefer Tsalagi from their own name for the Cherokee Nation ( Tsalagihi Ayili ) . Other names applied to the Cherokee have been : Allegheny ( or Allegewi , Talligewi ) ( Delaware ) , Baniatho ( Arapaho ) , Caáxi ( or Cayaki ) ( Osage and Kansa ) , Chalaque ( Spanish ) , Chilukki ( dog people ) ( Choctaw and Chickasaw ) , Entarironnen ( mountain people ) ( Huron ) , Gatohuá ( Creek ) , Kittuwa ( or Katowá ) ( Algonquin ) , Matera ( or Manteran ) ( coming out of the ground ) ( Catawba ) , Nation du Chien ( French ) , Ochietarironnon ( Wyandot ) , Oyatageronon ( or Oyaudah , Uwatayoronon ) ( cave people ) ( Iroquois ) , Shanaki ( Caddo ) , Shannakiak ( Fox ) , Tcaike ( Tonkawa ) , and Tcerokieco ( Wichita ) .LanguageIroquian , but Cherokee differs significantly from other Iroquian languages.Sub-tribesThe Cherokee have been divided into three divisions depending on location and dialect ( east to west ) : Lower 
6	want to see gross things ? I just returned from Iraq and i 've already seen gross things.why , what you got ? 
5	will the raiders be a playoff contender next year and who will be thier starting qb ? I hope not Kerry Collins 
4	What is the best free flash arcade on the internet ? http : //www.slashplay.com has over 1,000 free games 
3	what is the role of a nickname in a chat session ? Its for you to identify which is which and who is who ; ANd for people to refer to . 
2	What is the best disposable razor ? I like the `` venus '' gillette for women . you keep the stick while you throw away the razors . You can buy for razors for 7-8 dollars . I really like this one because it rounds you legs good and has silkining strips to make you legs silky smooth . I have also tried Schicks `` Silk effects '' and its not the same . 
6	would women that are gay like sex ? I would hope so.Do n't see the reason for question , but I am sure she could find a partner of the same persuasion that would make it enjoyable . 
0	Does north Korean speak the same language with south Korean ? Does North Korean and South Korean have the same official language and word ? Yes , Koreans in North Korea and South Korea both speak Korean . However , since the countries have been separated for some time and have n't had much contact , you can expect that some new dialectical differences are developing . However , my guess is that probably some different dialects of Korean were present in different regions even before the country got split up . 
9	what is your favorite military movie ? War movies , probably one of my favorite genres right next to Sci-Fi . At the top of the list I think has to be Saving Private Ryan and right next to it but not below it is Band of Brothers , an excellent mini-series , if you have n't seen it , I recommend you do . And number two on the list is Kelly 's Heroes , slightly old but it 's funny and serious at the same time . 
3	what books to read and how to study for USMLE part2 medical licensing exam in USA ? I 'm trying to start studying to get the USMLE and plan to start with step 2. there 's a wealth of books out there and it is hard to choose from . also people do n't agree on the best method to study for this exam or the resources to use . I 'm interesed in the opinion of people who have done this test to share their insight on how to prepare for this test . thank you in advance Looks like you 're some foreign medical graduate and your medical education system greatly differs from that of USA so you must choose a quick review course which is very easy to understand and not very time consuming . I 'll strongly recommend you to check KaplanMedical.com for online education on Step 2 and USMLEWorld.com for a good bunch of QBank . The best book to start with is First Aid for USMLE Step 2 CK . You can find it on Amazon.com.Hope it helpsBest of luck 
9	Why do the jews need Palestine for themselves ? They are willing to share . But every time you try to share , you get attacked . Most of the Gaza and West Bank were acquired because their neighbors attacked first . It is kind of hard to appreciate a situation where your neighbors attack you and lose territory and hear them complain . 
8	why some married couples watch sexy movies together ? The sexy movies are like class who teach you how to enjoy your sex relationship with your partner . 
5	What is the best sports magazine ? I am contemplating buying either ESPN the Magazine or Sports Illustrated ... Which is better and why ? i think sports illustrated is the best because it has more details and less addvertisements 
1	What is the most abundant triatomic molecule in the Universe ? Without checking astronomical data , I 'll try the chemical approach : The most abundant elements in the universe are hydrogen ( with a big lead ) and most of the other light elements , so we have to look for the most probable triatomic molecule we can form from light elements.This makes H2O my prime candidate , being the most stable molecule to contain two hydrogen atoms . HCN or CO2 have a much lower probability . SiO2 is pretty abundant , but not as distinct molecules . 
3	Date Riddle ? What happened in 1961 that will not happen again for over 4000 years ? The year even read upside down will reamin 1961 . 
4	How much does the program Photoshop cost ( the newest version ) ? lets say photoshop will put a hole in your wallet ... .i 'll advoid cs2 and cs since their just new versions which arent good..if i was you.. i would get 7 which is aorund 800 bucks 
3	How long has Yahoo ! answers been out ? Love . About a week and a half . 
6	Why ca n't I think of any good questions ? Is n't that sad ? I ca n't think of many good questions to ask . Any other time - such as when I 'm sitting bored at work - I could think of a mess of them but , when I have the chance to be on here , I ca n't think of any . Annoying , huh ? So when you 're sitting bored at work and thousands of questions jump into your mind , grab a sheet of paper and a pen and write them down . The next time you 're on Yahoo ! Answers , start asking questions ! 
6	How to you deal with a loud spoken bully in office ? You can always be straight forward to him or her . Or get a group of fellow workers to go to him or her at the same time to express the feelings . Strength is always better in numbers ! 
6	Taday is 31 December , is the last day of 2005 ! ? I hope you all have a very happy new year and may your dreams come true ! ! ! HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU ALL ! ! ! Same to you hi ! hi ! 
7	Why does n't Hello Kitty have a mouth ? I can not believe I actually researched this . Anyway , the 'Hello Kitty ' character is owned by Sanrio Company , Ltd . According to their web site , 'Hello Kitty ' does not have a mouth because 'Hello Kitty ' speaks from her heart . She is Sanrio 's ambassador to the world who is n't bound to one certain language . 
9	how can i work with the cleanup in new orleans from hurricaine katrina ? Donate canned food and your time and services to those in need . 
6	what is your worst nightmare ? I 'm afraid of someone I love falling from something tall & I 'm not able to save them . Can you imagine me at the grand canyon ? I 'd ruin the trip for everyone : ) 
4	what is the best free web based Email ( other than Yahoo ! ) ? gmail ( google mail ) 
4	i want to make my pc email server how ? ? i have a dns name and i want to send and recieve email from my pc ? how in details Just install Windows XP PRO , then load iis from the cd and click smtp server . 
6	how do i get into a chatroom on yahoo ? i cant get into a chatroom how do i get on I do n't know . 
6	How can I let this guy know that I like him and want to spend time with him w/o getting to close to fast ? Verbally say `` I like you '' or `` Maybe we could have lunch sometime '' . Drop a straight forward comment and get a feel if hes feeling you or not . then go from there . 
2	hello dos eaney bodey know fo a alternative releaf for LUPUS sufferes thanks genuing question ? Massage therapy has been proven to be an efffective alternative relief for Lupus people suffering from Lupus.Massage is believed to be beneficial effects in several ways . Besides being physically and emotionally relaxing , massage improves blood and lymph circulation , reduces nerve irritation and brings fresh oxygen and other nutrients to the affected tissues . Massage may also cause the body to produce fewer stress hormones like cortisol and norepinephrine ( formerly adrenalin ) , and may also increase the body 's production of pain-killing endorphins and the mood-altering hormone serotonin . While seeing a professional massage therapist is relatively expensive , a friend or family member may be able to learn enough technique from a book or video to provide some relief for you . 
6	Am I the only person who really , really hate clowns ? No . Check the source link . 
3	What is that , that 62 % of canadian women have done.Please reply as soon as possible. ? Check this out . Good Luck.http : //www.askipedia.com/index.php ? action=article & cat_id=005002 & id=134 
2	I 'm tired . It 's 9:02pm . Should I go to bed or stay up awhile ? Go to bed . Wake up extra early and get a refreshing start on the new day . 
6	I am very bored . What should I do ? Hmmmmmmm ... Good question ... .Have you flossed your teeth lately ? Trimmed your toenails or cleaned out your belly button ? Now organize your sock drawer and take out the trash ... ..How about under your bed . ? ? ? is it clean ... .Call your mom ... .feed the dog ... ..cleanout the cats liter pan ... ..make dinner ... .volunteer to make dinner for a local shut in ... .donate blood ... .do something for someelse ... ..get it ? ? ? ? 
2	Is there an allergy medication specifically for dog dander that 's better than others ? I take Zyrtec for my allergies and it 's the best ... in my opinion . Before trying just go to your physician and ask him/her if it is ok for you . `` It is the # 1 allergy medicine of its kind prescribed by allergists and pediatricians.Just 1 dose of ZYRTEC® ( cetirizine HCl ) a day can keep allergy symptoms under control , year-round . Symptoms from both indoor allergies , like pet dander and dust . And outdoor allergies , like trees and ragweed . Plus , ZYRTEC is approved to treat indoor allergies in infants 6 months and up . '' 
7	Who do you think is the hottest celeb ever ? Johnny Depp ! 
1	Why did the U.S. stop sending people to the moon ? Did we just lose interest or did we find all we needed to find there . Yes . I believe the original idea was to build a rocket base from which to explore the solar system . But somebody realised the same thing could be done from Earth via an orbiting space station for a fraction of the cost.The only other reasons for going to the moon were - 1 . To stop the Russians setting up a military base there.2 . To collect moon rocks.When the US realised that a Russian moon base was n't practical , and they had souvenired as many moon rocks as they were ever likely to need , they never bothered to go back . 
8	i am looking for people in guatemala city ? Try to call the guatemalan consulate . 
6	Who is Jeff Palmer ? The name sounds familiar ... Nude male model 
4	I tried to update java and it would not go thur , do i need to reinstall it and how do i ? go to home page LOL 
1	how do beta blocking hypertension meds work and explain the meaning of beta in this situation. ? There are at least 3 types of beta receptors in the body - beta 1 , 2 , and 3 - and they are sensitive to epinephrine and norepinephrine . beta 1 controls heart rate and force of contraction in the heart ( an increase in these will increase blood pressure , thus blocking them will lower blood pressure ) . beta 2 controls smooth muscle many places in the body . beta 3 receptors have less well defined role in fat metabolism.The late American scientist Raymond Ahlqvist suggested already in 1948 that opposite effects of catecholamines were mediated by different receptors in the target organs , which he called alpha- and beta-receptors . http : //nobelprize.org/medicine/laureates/1988/press.html 
8	what 's your opinion about sexual relation between girls and boys ? Always approach with caution , and try to keep brain in charge of hormones , rather than the reverse.Oh , and keep the hell away from my daughter . 
6	What do you think of the U.S. 's economy ? US is recognized for its economic might all over the world . However , after the recent 'Weapons of Mass Destruction ' propoganda and invasion on Iraq , it has lost its images in the eyes of the intenational community , making its economy facing serious challenges . This down-trowding started after 911 and seems to have continued after wards . Another point is that if US economy gets disturbed , the global economy does recieve the after shocks soon . I hope the situation improves soon . 
6	what does fundamentalism mean ? Oftentimes , we mean `` An organized , militant Evangelical movement originating in the United States in the late 19th and early 20th century in opposition to Protestant Liberalism and secularism , insisting on the inerrancy of Scripture . '' But the concept of fundamentalism can be extended to any ideology or theology whose tenents include a strict adherance to a code , especially one which demands the observance by persons who do not subscribe to that code.Naturally , this makes for a source of conflict . And an understandable one at that . For example , say you believe some act is wrong . Furthermore , you believe you have a duty to prevent wrongdoing altogether . Consequently , you have a moral obligation to prevent any person from doing that act - including people who do not think that act is wrong.Any critical examination of a dogmatic theology or ideology will reveal how necessary this is , yet any objective look at disparate cultures will reveal how subjective - and frightening - this can be.The hope of the future is that fundamentalist evangelism will be enacted by appeal to reason rather than dictates of law . Ideally , people would choose to perform 'right ' acts for their own sake , rather than out of fear of punishment . 
5	Will the Texas Rangers ever entice good pitchers , given that their ballpark is hitter friendly ? Since the move to the Ballpark at Arlington , the Rangers have had pitchers selected to attend the All-Star game , which suggests it 's not a question of pitchers ' willingness to play there , but greater concerns about contracts or the future of the franchise . Kenny Rogers , Jeff Zimmerman , Aaron Sele , Roger Pavlik , and John Wetteland were all excellent All-Star selections in spite of the `` hitter friendly '' park . It 's more about the team and management that keeps pitchers away , and less about the stadium . 
6	Whats the difference between gas operated and blowback operated Guns ? ? A gas-operated firearm operates on a similar principle of a car engine . When a round is fired , expanding gases propel the bullet out of the barrel , along with most of the gas . But a small portion of the gas is siphoned off into a seperate gas tube either above or below the barrel and forces a piston backwards , which in turn pushes back the bolt carrier , ejects the spent brass , and is pushed forward again by a recoil spring , stripping a fresh round out of the magazine and pushes it into the chamber to be fired . A blowback- operated firearm is comparatively simple . When a round is fired in a blowback-operated firearm , the bolt is forced back by the recoil energy of the spent brass itself , eliminating the need for a piston . The downiside to the simpler design is increased recoil , since not all of the expanding gases in a gas-operated firearm actually exit the barrel , there is less gas pushing the muzzle up and back . the blowback system is often found on smaller weapons , such as pistols and sub-machine guns , because it is simpler and requires fewer parts , which allows a weapon to be small and lightweight . 
3	What are ways to relieve stress ? Exercise and dieting 
5	what is speed windsurfing ? How do you steer at high speeds ? With your feet ? ( carving ) I imagine that canting the mast at high-speeds is n't an option . In High sped you should use your body balance together wih your legs . While planning , if you wan o go upwind , back leg sraigh , front knee bent and body weight forwar ; whereas for downwind , body wheight back , bent rear knee and straight front leg 
4	What is the best hard disk defragmenter ? I bet , Norton , s Defragmenter facility is the best ... .. Its the part of Norton Utlities . 
4	Using CSS , how would I make an image glued to the bottom of the browser and centered ? Well ? There is no way to do this in CSS , however , you can write a javascript that does something like < script > x.style.position = `` Absolute '' ; //Sets x 's positioning to Absolutex.style.top = document.innerHeight - 100 ; //Sets x 's Y position to the exact height of the browser , replace 100 with the actual height of the image < /script > The said < img > tag would have to have Name= '' x '' and ID= '' x '' specified . I have not attempted to execute the above script , it 's just an example of what you could try , but you 're going to have to do some research to make it compatible with multiple browsers , and have it automatically execute the script if the user resizes their window.Alternatively , put the whole site inside a table , and have an extra table row hold the image below the rest of the document . 
6	I need a cv . in english ? i want a curricullum vitae You mean you want to write one ? Try looking for examples from people who are in a field similar to yours , and imitate the format and style . You can ask your professors , for example . 
5	Which Cross Country Skis are better ? Rossis , Fischer RCS , or Atomic beta ? Which is the best skate race ski ? If you like a different brand , like Peltonen , or Germina , or madshus , or any other brand that I missed , and you think they have the best brand tell me . Also , Does europe really have skis that I do n't have in U.S. ? Like a super brand of skis ? Atomic beta , for waxed skis , i dont care about unwaxed skis , atomic has good engineering behind their productsand they also make downhills 
0	Is there an English equivalentto the German `` doch '' ? If taken as a complete sentence ( like 'OK ' could be a complete sentence or answer ) , then it 's 'sure'.In the middle of a sentence it would be 'but ' or 'however'.http : //dict.leo.org/ ? search=doch 
6	need to find reserch about work ethics ? This is an interestng question . I would begin with studying the Protestant Work Ethic . Here is a site to get you started.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protestant_work_ethicHere are someother sites : The Work Ethic Site - www.coe.uga.edu/~rhill/workethic/The Work Ethic Wizardwww.workethicwizard.com/Why Workwww.whywork.org/Alan 
4	is there any web site where i can get free computer software books for download ? Exactly what kind of books ? Here are some sites I know of , but they are mostly for programming : http : //www.learnoutloud.com/Free-Audio-Videohttp : //programmingebooks.tk/http : //www.linux.org/docs/online_books.htmlhttp : //www.textbookrevolution.org/ 
5	the price range for tickets for buffalo bills tickets at ralf wilson stadium ? Tickets for PM Ralph Wilson StadiumBuffalo , NY for Buffalo Bills on 12/17/2005 are not available via TicketMaster . Seems like a complete sold out . They are only available via the secondary market , look at http : //www.preferredticket.com/events/tickets.asp ? e=128 
7	Who shot Mr. Burns ? Who shot Mr. Burns ? Technically both Mr. Burns and Maggie Simpson shot Mr. Burns . Mr. Burns dropped his revolver into Maggie 's hands and the gun fired . 
6	bankrates on money market funds ? best bank rates on Money Market Funds in the Central Fla. Area You can find interest rates on CDs and money market funds at the link below ( Bankrate.com ) . This is by far the best site for finding the highest-paying banks in the country.William Pereztaxes.about.com 
6	What is the answer to live , the universe and everything ? 42 
6	A party wins 30 million on a powerball jackpot . How much cash could he really get ? One party/ Two different tickets / a group of ten people ? Well as a rule of thumb the up-front cash payout is typically around 30 to 33 % of the total winnings due to interest and taxes . [ use 1/3 as a quickie rule ] . Each state will be different.Figure if 10 people are sharing 10 million in cash , each person should get somewhere around a million , give or take a couple hundred thousand . Oh and dont forget a little money paid to a lawyer for the innevitable problem when non-family members have to fight about splitting up money . 
6	how long do u to wait in between popping knuckles ? normally its just random , but i 'd say every 2 hours you can get quite a few pops out of them . Once a day is enough for me . 
6	What will Santa bring this year ? hopefully less war and more happiness in the world . We can all do with that . 
5	who is highest paid basketball player ? Shaq is the highest paid 
5	who was the longest driver on the PGA tour in the 1950 's ? we all know Jack Nicklaus was the longest in the 60 's , but I 'm not sure about the 50 's ... and Arnold Palmer does n't count as he was mostly a 60 's player as well ... .thanks According to Miller Barber , who should know a thing or two about this topic , George Bayer was the longest hitter on tour in the 1950s . He was known as Mr. X because he hit the ball so far . In the late 50s , Miller himself took over the name of Mr. X because of his lenght . 
6	in messenger , how would you know if a buddy 's screen name is still active on your buddy list ? I do n't know . 
1	why do clouds turn dark when its about to rain ? A cloud compsition is primarlly just billions of drops of water or ice . When such a cloud formation has an influx of water/ice , ie it 's mass increases to include more water/ice , light finds it hard to pass through the mass , thus making it darker for us to see.In a normal cloud , light can pass through the water/ice within the cloud and we see it as a distorted white/bluish/greyish/greenish hue . But when the cloud is too thick with water/ice , the light does n't pass through so easily and we see a darker spectrum . 
2	Why old people always are complaining ? Like my grandma for example : `` I dont like this ice cream is not tasty '' When the ice cream was really good . Well , if you think about having illnesses and always being worried about health , older people might always want to pester people to let go of all the emotions bottled up inside of them . They have different points of views , like your example about the ice cream . So if you feel like you have a major problem with them , then try to put yourself in their shoes . 
3	what is inferred reality and class inclusion ? Inferred reality is defined as the meaning of stimuli in the context of relevant information . `` Inclusion '' is a term used by educators to describe a philosophical approach to the education of children with disabilities . This philosophical paradigm maintains that a child with disabilities -- even severe disabilities such as profound mental retardation -- should be placed in a regular classroom for most or all of the school day ( Ayres & Meyer , 1992 ; Cloud , 1992 ; Conn , 1992 ; Shanker , 1993 ; Wolak , York , & Corbin , 1992 ) . Drawing from the legacy of the Civil Rights movement , advocates of full inclusion for children with disabilities state that `` Inclusion is the ultimate goal for all children with disabilities regardless of their disabilities or current placement '' ( New York State Education Department , cited in Shanker , 1993 ) . This is not without controversy . Among the most vocal opponents are those in the deaf community , who feel that their culture and language are at stake ( Cohen , 1994 ) and the Learning Disabilities Association of America , which believes that mandatory full inclusion policies violate federal law ( `` Full inclusion , '' undated ) . 
1	what is the answer to : P=2L + 2w for w ? That depends on what L and P are . If you plug the permitter and length in , you can get width W.If you want a formula that will yield W , it 's : ( P-2L ) /2 = W 
0	I want to become christian ? I was raised with absolutely no religion , and have a hard time accepting christianity . I want to beleive it . What can I do ? Over the past couple of years , I made many friends from China - most of whom are raised with no religion . And they 're all great and wonderful individuals who do n't seem to lack anything . I have had at times to explain certain things about the Christian religion to them , which is the dominant religion in the western world , and its practice can raise questions to the uninitiated.If you seek spirituality , you should not limit your self to exploring one religion . Why do you dismiss Buddhism , Taoism etc ? You should read about everything , speak to ministers and allow your self to form an opinion.My advice is , to not let anyone convert you into something by sweet talking you , or promising the kingdom of God . Learn , and let it be your choice . If I were in your shoes , I would try to get all the facts and then decide on my own.Meet religious people and ask them how they practice religion and what it means to them . Your safest choice not to be tricked into a cult etc would be to go for a well established and long standing dogma or denomination.In Christianity , since that is your question , the major two denominations are Catholic and Orthodox , which both came after a separation of the church between west ( Catholic ) and east ( Orthodox ) . You can learn more on different religions by following the links below.I know in China most Christians are unitarian , since in 1949 the Government forced denominations to form one single church or leave China.Remember learn before you act , and do n't let anyone influence you . My opinion is that once you decide on something you should stick by it . Should you make the conscious choice to have Faith in a religion . So being absolutely certain is essential . Changing religions in the manner you 'd change shirts is not ideal . Because then Faith - which is the most important element in every religion - never gets too strong to mean anything in your life.Whatever choice you make - good luck to you ! 
6	How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? i guess that would depend on the woodchuck ... is he lazy or energetic , healthy or sick , etc ... . ? ? 
8	What a son give best gift to his mother ? a hand made card for her with lots of love 
6	how would u drop a raw egg on a concrete floor without breaking it ? Put the egg in the middle of a 1 foot square styrene block . Fit the egg with a parachute . put it in strong bottle filled with water before dropping it . 
3	does a baby breath water inside the mothers womb ? what is the umbilical cord used for when a baby is inside the womb those other two are , in that the babies lungs are filled with embryonic fluid , but he isnt 'breathing ' as we would thing of it . everything that the baby needs to live while in the mothers womb , is receieved through the umbilical cord , including oxygen . 
3	Is Yahoo or Google a better resource for research ? What is another good resource for academic research ? Thanks . My answer is google for the following reasons : Pros of Google : As a seach engine , google has the best relevance and presents the results in a way that I find easy to decide what pages are best for me . Its the best in terms of researching information.For makin money , a # 1 on google is worth many times more than a # 1 on yahoo . Yahoo ! blocks the top of the SERPs with sponsored ads.Google also has a neat interface . Yahoo is not bad too , but its interface is not that neat . The reason for that being it to be a portal . I think a nice interface is very important since people will come back more often if so.The relevance of search results make its 'Feeling Lucky ' feature pretty useful . Firefox address bar by defaults goes to 1 site listed on your search results.Google has tried to stay away from Spam/ misleading sites better than other search engines.Cons of Google : However , few problems with google , its web crawler dose n't capture hyperlinks from PDF files stored on net , a feature which Yahoo provides.Also , Google at present does not provide an index for video aggregation through the web crawler , a feature which Altavista provided since 1999 . The problems include accuracy of the media file . That is the reason for providing Google Videos where users have to submit videos.Due to a larger share of 'searching ' community , Google has been targeted by bloggers by planting Google Bombs . Because most bloggers mention the word failure with President Bush 's name , the # 1 site on searching Failure is the website of President Bush.Yahoo is doing pretty good research in Search Technologies , for example Grokker.http : //www.grokker.com/grokker.html ? query=Anirudh % 20Koul & Yahoo=true & Daypop=true & numResults=250 
2	does the va pay for dental work ? Only if the dental condition is related to , or as a direct result of active duty service . POW 's are eligible under this ruling , as are former service members who are 100 % disabled or can prove 100 % individual unemployability . 
3	Traffic Question : Can you change lanes across a double yellow line ? Can you change lanes across a double parallel yellow line ? I know that you can not cross through 2 sets of double yellow lines where each set is separated by about a width of a car , but if there is just 1 set of double parallel lines closely spaced , can you ? Yes , you can cross a double yellow , but only to make a turn into an actual street . 
6	What is M & E services in a building ? M & E refers to Mechanical and Electrical services in a building.In that a building is often heated or cooled , a Mechanical Service could include the Air Ducts , and our Water Piping for the chiller 's or heaters . The Electrical Service would include the power and control wiring for these different pieces of equipment . 
1	If I go 10 miles north , 4 miles east , 6 miles south , and then 7 miles west ... ? ... how far and in what direction will I be from my starting point ? That 's the trouble with answers that give no explanation . Who can you believe ? Since we go in each direction once , the ORDER of the moves does n't matter . Draw a grid . Start at 0,010 North means 0,10 You are due north 10 miles . Then we come back south 6 miles , so we 're 4 miles north of where we started . 4 miles east and then 7 west means we 're 3 miles west of the starting point . Draw a right triangle 4 miles up and then 3 miles to the left of the starting point . We want the hypotenuse of the triangle whose sides are 3 and 4 . Time for Pythagoras : a^2 + b^2 = c^2 3^2 + 4^2 = c^2 9 + 16 = 25 Take the square root of that for your final distance . Direction : NW 
4	how to become a perfect hardware engineer as i am undergoing btech in CSE in second year ? Learn well the fundamentals of Computer Science . Hardware may constantly change ( Moore 's Law ) but the underlying theories will last forever . Good luck . 
7	How can I get to watch TV programs around the world through internet ? ( For Free or not ! ) ? you can not 
6	how can i win the megga millions lotto ? when you find out pls let me kn ow , lol its just luck 
6	What is the main strip in Cancun ? The best street with hotels , nigthclubs , resturants , basically the middle of the action . Boulevard Kukulkan 
3	where did name of day thursday come from ? Tor 's Day '' or `` Thor 's Day '' became Thursday in English , Donnerstag in German ( meaning `` Thunder 's Day '' ) , Donderdag in Dutch ( meaning Thunder day ) , and Torsdag in Swedish , Danish , and Norwegian . 
4	How do I get rid of the `` It 's now safe to turn off your computer '' in WINDOWS XP ? I installed a new hard drive with WIN XP and to my surprise , my PC is not shutting down completely by itself anymore.Instead I get the annoying message at the end.How can I change that , so the PC shuts off completely ? Right Click on `` My Computer '' and click `` Manage '' and go to the `` Device Manager '' then from the menus choose `` View -- - > Show Hidden Devices '' u should notice a disable device called API something or something like thatRight Click and `` Enable '' itClose the window and u should be ok 
9	How do you vote in Iraq ? I need to know how do Iraqis vote in order to compare and contrast it with the way Americans vote . citizens are went to election centers and select the prefered list of candidate . electronic election is not used 
1	How can we manufacture soap/detergent powder economically without electric power in a village ? yes , there are a few recipes online . i also made a few 4 and 8 bar soap boxes for a friend . kinda coolHere are a few.http : //members.aol.com/oelaineo/srf.gifhttp : //waltonfeed.com/old/soaphome.htmlhttp : //soapandmore.com/homemade_soap_soap_supplies.html 
4	what is shared video card memory ? I brought a new computer . It has Intel Graphics Media Accelerator with DirectX 9.0c support . I have 512 MB as ram . The video card is 128 MB shared . What does that mean ? it means just what you may think it means , that your video card uses up to 128 MB of that 512 MB . What you want is a video card that has its own memory , otherwise your going to be lacking the full brunt of that 512 MB of memory . 
6	at what age did you lose your virginty ? i lost mine at 13 age 17 Ft Lauderdale , Florida during Spring Break 
0	What rhymes with orange ? No single word rhymes with orange . Some combinations , such as `` door hinge '' , have been proposed . Some other words that have no rhyming word are month , silver , and purple . 
9	republicans say we should `` stay the course '' . isnt the translation of that phrase into japanese `` kamakaze '' ? `` kami kaze '' means `` divine wind '' in Japanese . 
4	Why do users in Yahoo ! 360 have almost no friends ? The majority of Yahoo 360 users have zero friend . Maybe the ones who have many friends dont want you to see them =P Just a thought 
1	how can you tell if a frog is male or female ? Hehe , nice . But anyways , here is a website I found just now about it . http : //www.xlaevis.com/sexing.html 
4	What is the best search engine other than Google.com ? I 'm a fan of search.msn.com ( actually , the funky interface for it at live.com ) 
5	Any pittsburgh Pens fans out there ? HOCKEY RULES I 'm a Pittsburgh Penguins fan ! I think they should 've done much better with Sidney Crosby , Lemieux healthy , Gonchar , Leclair , and Zigmund Palffy . They should be one of the elites now . 
4	what is 'answers.yahoo.com ' ? The product tour link below should help you with this question . 
3	tell me more about hannuka ? Hanukkah , the Festival of Lights , is one of the most joyous times of the Jewish year . The reason for the celebration is twofold ( both dating back to c. 165 BCE ) : the miraculous military victory of the small , ill-equipped Jewish army over the ruling Greek Syrians , who had banned the Jewish religion and desecrated the Temple ; and the miracle of the small cruse of consecrated oil , which burned for eight days in the Temple 's menorah instead of just one . Hanukkah is celebrated by : a. lighting a menorah for eight nights with olive oil or wax candles ; one on the first night and an additional one each succeeding night b. eating food fried in oil , especially potato pancakes ( latkes ) and jelly doughnuts ( sufganiyot ) c. playing with a dreidel , a four-sided top ; the player wins or loses money depending on which side it lands on ( each is marked with a different Hebrew letter ) In 1997 , a 60-foot , 18-ton menorah was built in Latrun , Israel ; a rabbi was lifted by crane each night to kindle the lights . The same year , a 12-foot pyramid of 2,400 jelly doughnuts was built near Afula , Israel ; the pastries were later distributed to soldiers serving near the northern border . Hanukkah began this year ( 2005 ) on the evening of December 25.See poster : http : //www.allposters.com/-sp/Menorah-w-toys-candy-and-gifts-in-background-Posters_i1459268_.htm 
8	If your boyfriend has a confederate flag in his bedroom , how do you ask him to take it down ? Tell him that you 're not comfortable with it , and ask him nicely to take it down . If he ca n't do something simple like remove a flag from his wall , what 's going to happen when more important issues arise ? 
6	what is cabotage ? I think it is when cabbage patch kids take their own life 
6	Do you believe in reincarnation ? And why ? Yes.It is not a thing I believe , it is a thing I experienced , it is about seeing . 
4	what does Imao stand for ? It means Laughing my ass off 
7	Which sign is the best mate for a Libra ? Gemini , Aquarius , Leo and Sagittarius 
6	What ASAP mean ? ASAP stand for As Soon As Possible You can found more acronym at http : //www.acronymfinder.com/ 
6	what is the meaning of life ? The meaning of life is to live it . 
8	What does it really mean to love somebody ? How do you know if it 's truly love what you feel for them ? You will know . 
4	non POSIX-compatible C functions ? what are POSIX non-compatible functions in C ? You can think of POSIX as a runtime standard for C , but for many reasons , some language/operating system providers decide to either not provide a determined function , change its parameters , its name or some criterion on how to handle the request.If a certain operating system does support the full set of POSIX operations with the standard names , parameters and criteria , then they may certify that with IEEE.That allows you to create a C program and , as long as you use only POSIX functions , it 's bound to work correctly on any POSIX-conformant system.Hope it helped ! Ignacio. -- 
7	i dreamed that i am undressed in public , any one know what its mean ? Having a dream about being naked means that youre hiding a part of your personality and are afraid to be exposed ( made naked ) to other people . 
3	What is the role of women in Educational Technology ? I think you should try to talk with some women I.T . techs that work for any school district in any county 
4	i have a problem wity program not responding ? is the program a software or is it a page in the internet or is it that you are opeinning many screens ? press Ctrl then Alt then Delete ( all pressed together now ) to get task manager and under applications see whats not working and click on it and the bottom click end task ... you dont need to restart . 
6	can anybody tell a bit about mona lisa ? `` The Mona Lisa ( Italian , Spanish : La Gioconda ; French : La Joconde ) , is an oil painting on poplar wood by the famous Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci and is perhaps the most famous painting in art history ; few other works of art are as romanticized , celebrated , or reproduced . It is owned by the French government and hangs in the Musée du Louvre in Paris.The painting shows a woman looking out at the viewer with what is often described as an `` enigmatic smile '' . `` Check the source for more information . 
7	what is the best way to sell lyrics ? e.g websites I 'm a pro writer . Nobody `` buys '' lyrics . Your best bet is to find a collaborator who will write music to your lyrics . 
8	if a guy who is engaged keeping a platonic friend with a lady bt does nt tell her of hs being engaged is itBAD is that considered double dating ? even though no level of commitment with the platonic girl fried YES that is a bad thing , if they are only friends why not tell her of his life commitment to you ? JUST FRIENDS would be happy for one another and want to share the good news , he did n't . 
9	Can the electorial college override the majority of the vote ? if so , why ? Yes . It is possible for the winner of an election to get as little as 39 % of the vote , and carry the electoral college . This happens when the winner wins by only a handful of votes in states he or she wins , and losing completely in all other states.This is caused by the lack of proportional voting in states . A states electoral votes , with exceptions of Maine and Nebraska , either go all to one candidate or the other . If half the state votes one way , and half the other , the smaller half is effectively not counted . With proportional voting , or district-level voting , this remains true , but it can only affect one vote per state , and is as likely to fall one way as the other.I hope this answered your question . 
1	If super nova could be explained as a temperature what would it be ? The temperature in a supernova can reach 1,000,000,000 °C . 
1	what is the best fluid mechanics book in chemical engineering for a bachelor student ? I 'm a big fan of Transport Phenomena by Bird , Stewart , and Lightfoot . It was n't required by my professor , but I bought it and used it extensively to help me understand the material . 
4	Adding a Tivo to a wireless network ? I have tried the recommended USB wireless adapter on the Tivo but it does n't find it when I go to set everything up on the Tivo ( the wireless adapter worked fine when I used it on my computer ) . Does anyone have a Tivo sucessfully setup this way ? Which adapter are you using ? I successfully used a Belkin F5D6050 2.4 GHz 802.11b wireless USB adapter with TiVo . Make sure your SSID and WEP encryption key match your wireless router . If that still does n't work , try connecting the wireless adapter to a laptop in the same location as your TiVo to make sure you actually have a signal . If that does n't work , or if you get fed up with cordless phones knocking you off ( like me ) , consider a pair of PowerLine Ethernet bridges and a USB-to-Ethernet adapter for the TiVo ( see www.tivo.com/adapters for compatibility ) . 
5	Do you think Martin Brodeur best dys are behind him. ? this is from a sad Devils fan He 's still good -- but not as good as he used to be ; and he looked HORRIBLE tonight against Toronto ! 
6	how many ways can you spell tonight ? About the same number of ways I could spell last night . Seems I never learn anymore . 
4	how is the RIAA catching individuals downloading pirated music ? How are they getting these people they are suing ? Are they tracking IPs , are they watching torrents , P2P , how are they doing it ? The short answer is , yes , of course they are tracking IPs . The long answer to your other question follows.It is a straight-forward , multistep process.1 . Encourage laws that require internet service and server providers to log IP addresses ( 9/11 pretty much nailed that one for them ) .2 . Collect proof of misdeeds for each particular P2P service that is allowing illegal file copying.3 . Sue the P2P service and demand they hand over IP addresses of offending users.4 . Trace IP addresses back to users . Remember , the businesses involved all have to keep records.Also , some programs embed identifying information in them.Pretty much any Microsoft program , at least one that uses OLE Structured Storage , creates these huge ID numbers in them called a GUID for each item in the file . Part of that ID number is their IP address or the unique hardware ID of their interface card , I forget which.Also , the encoding process which generates an MP3 file from a CD can store some information in the file which can be used to piece together who created it . It may not be enough to find who did it but it is probably helpful in proving a given computer did it once they have that computer.There is probably more going on but you get the idea . At each point along the way , from creating the song file , to transfering it to a service , and downloading it from a service , bits of information are accumulating.The more times a person does each of these things , the easier it is to find them , prove it is them , and notice that they are doing a lot . And , just as important , more evidence is accumulating which is used in court as proof of a crime being committed and intent to commit a crime on the part of the peope being sued by the RIAA - or whoever.So , either listen to : music you buy , public domain music , music from the radio - or compose/play your own.You probably do n't like it when you found out someone copied off your test at school . It makes them get a higher grade than they deserve and if the test is graded on a curve , your A- work can wind up being counted as a B+ . Well , songwriters composed that music and/or lyrics , musicians practiced and learned to play that song and paid to use a recording studio to perform it in . When people do n't pay to hear that play , the musicians still have their expenses to pay but no royalty check to pay for it . They lose money doing what they love.Even if someone can not afford a whole album they can still afford to buy their favorite song for 99 cents . 
2	Does a root canal treatment pose a potential health threat ? I 've heard conflicting opinions . What is your personal experience ? I had a root canal two years ago , and practically drove myself insane worrying about the potential health impact of it down the road . Other than the first few days , I 've never had any significant pain or discomfort . I 've come to the realization that since I 'm only in my early 30 's , I 'd rather take the risk with a root canal and keep my tooth , rather than have it yanked and either be toothless or pay a lot of money for other options that would still involve putting foreign substances in my mouth . So , I guess my recommendation regarding root canals would be that if you are a healthy person , with a good immune system , a root canal would probably be a good option , rather than losing your tooth . But , I do believe they could impact your health , and the decision should be an informed one . 
8	how do i plan a wedding ? The first place you should start is to visit : www.theknot.comThey have more information than you could ever find anywhere else . From engagement to honeymoon , and everything inbetween . I 'm planning my wedding right now , and it has helped me a lot ! ! ! Good luck ! 
6	what is 240x530= ? 127200 
5	do you like soccer ? i love playing soccer . I have been playing soccer since i was 3 . Soccer is my life . Now i 'm 18 years old and the captain of my high school team , made all-star team of the town ... 
6	whats the best way to defend ourself ? can you suggest any home made instrument ? The best defense is your mind . Stay out of situations where the temper would escalate to violence . If you use words and your brain , you can get out of almost any bad situation without coming to blows . If you absolutely *have* to defend yourself from imminent physical assault , remember that the law favors even-handed responses , meaning do n't defend yourself with a deadly weapon unless you 're threatened with one . 
6	how to produce good perfume ? how can i produce good perfume and expert to advance countries from africa By smelling other perfumes and creating your own style . 
2	Do you or anyone you know have Tourette Syndrome ? Yes , I have a 16-yr old male friend who has that , he has facial twitches , although there are different symptoms of Tourettes . 
7	How much would you pay ? For a starwars 1996 action figure in the case ? Princess Leia , Emporer Palpatine , and Bib Fortuna someone could n't pay me to take it . 
1	Using the numbers 1 , 3 , 4 , and 6 , arrive at the number 24. no exponents or square roots. ? Use addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division . 6/ ( 1-3/4 ) =24 
8	How 'd a woman act ? If you happen to fall in love with a man who 's already married , has children , has a happy family , but yet he enjoys the time so much with you , how would you treat him ? think about how you would feel if someone you love would go to another love and may forget about you and your kids 
4	What is the best place , in this game called Maple Story , to train ? there are many good places , it depends on what level you are . there are slime trees ( in ellinia ) for around lvl.10-15 ppl , the dungeon for lvl . 20 and up , beach hunting ground for lvl.10- 20 ( go in through a danger sign on the path between henesys and lith harbor ) , and pig beach for lvl.15 and up 
3	who invented sudoku ? The puzzle was designed by Howard Garns , a retired architect and freelance puzzle constructor , and first published in 1979 . Most likely inspired by the Latin square invention of Leonhard Euler , Garns added a third dimension ( the regional restriction ) to the mathematical construct and ( unlike Euler ) presented the creation as a puzzle , providing a partially-completed grid and requiring the solver to fill in the rest . The puzzle was first published in New York by the specialist puzzle publisher Dell Magazines in its magazine Dell Pencil Puzzles and Word Games , under the title Number Place ( which we can only assume Garns named it ) .It was popularized by Nikoli in Japan , who gave it the current name of `` Sudoku . 
2	why do people speak about dying of old age when there is really no such thing ? Because your intellect can not handle the process of death . We do n't want your brain to explode now do we ? 
6	How do I transfer money from a trust bank in the United States to a bank in the Ukraine ? by a wire tranfer ... A wire transfer is an electronic payment service for transferring funds by wire ( for example , through the Federal Reserve Wire Network or the Clearing House Interbank Payments System ) .you can get an example as how to do it at 
2	Why do babies have to come out head first ? if the baby comes out feet first , I runs the risk of have the cord wrapped around the neck , and can choke it to death . If the baby comes out head first , doctor can make sure the cord is not wrapped around the neck . Also the head and shoulders need to come out first as to allow the vagina to stretch enough to allow them to slide out . 
4	Looking for Incremental Backup Software + bootable images + networkable ( ? ) ? I 'm basically looking for incremental backup software that will be able to take an image of the HD , update the backup as necessary as on a set schedule - incrementally of course , can sync this over the network to a NAS device , annnd when finally coming to a restore , it should be bootable such that Windows/Dos/Linux does not have to be preinstalled if 'forbid ' there is a severe crash on the physical drive that is being imaged . Any help or guidance would be highly appreciated ! PARTIAL ANSWER : We use Connected TLM as an incremental backup to sql for 700+ user desktops.. it does n't restore the total PC image as you asked , yet it 's darn good at what it does file by file restore.. based on helpdesk monitoring of 700+ users over 3 years . .. Perhaps you could use PXE to boot to a RIS server , install the image , then use connected to restore the files.. ? 
4	what good laptop can recommend a college student ? i 'm a freshman and i study business administration/Marketing I would check with your school to see if they have a existing relationship with a PC manufacturer . Many times colleges get a killer deal when you consider they also include insurance and maintenance for the whole time you are in school . If they have no deals or you do n't like their deal , then I can recommend a ThinkPad . They are not the latest and greatest technology , but they are solid and easy to get serviced . We have had a few ThinkPads go down , but the local service companies handled the warranty repair without me having to ship the thing in , usually within a day or so . But again , I know some Universities that handle repairs in house as well , even giving out loaners while the repair happens , so it 's worth it to find out what your school offers . 
4	what is the amperage and watts of a toshiba laptop satellite computer bought in 2004 , with 110volt supply ? 8 amps 900 ( 880 ) watts 
7	where can i listen to free baltimore club music ? if u want to listen to each song or stream separately u should check out this page from this artist u are intersted in.http : //www.soundclick.com/bands/pagemusic.cfm ? bandID=121517go here if u want to listen to the other songs or radio station . plenty good luckclick on the first radio stationit should play some of the music u wantmake sure if your using internet explorer to enable javascript so the player will come up and play for u http : //www.soundclick.com/stations/stations.cfm ? id=187803 
0	In which country you have to work the fewer hours ? Just about anywhere has jobs where you have to work shorter hours vs. longer hours . The Dutch statistically have one of the shorter average work hours per person , vs. Korea which has one of the longest . 
6	How does water divining work ? Water divining , dowsing , or dousing is a tradition steeped in the lore of many cultures.A forked stick , coathanger , or similar divining rod is used by a believer with the gift of dowsing.It can be used to find an underground pool of water , a underground stream , or a leak according to believers.The rod held rigidly and directly horizontal in front of the Dowser will jerk down violently at the present of water and often peeling bark.A Dowser will use a normally use grid pattern and walk the surface to find the water.Tradition says that minerals have also been found.Here in Appalachia where I live , a peach twig is preferred . 
0	how to be more masculine in nature ? ? ? Italians say `` Masters ..we born ! `` So any person born for a role in life , and he should exept it . 
5	i 'm looking for a site that sells big wall `` clings '' of football players ... .i was told the site is bigheads but i went to that site and there are 12,000 choices It is Fathead.com My dad wanted one for christmas . They also sell Helmets too . 
5	what size basketball do girls play with in high school ? High school women 's basketball typically uses the standard women 's basketball , whose circumference is about 29 inches ( 730 cm ) and weighs about 1 lb 3 oz ( 540 g ) . 
8	if a boy said he liked you and you only see him for a second after school should you get over him ? if u like him ask him out and spend more time with him 
2	i have almost continual hot flashes and am 67 years old , anyone else ? ? Please click on the search linked below for tips for reducing hot flashes . 
2	what is the best way to quit smoking ? NRT or hypnosis ? I do n't know what the best way to quit smoking is ... but , the easiest way would be to die.Ha , Ha ! 
6	WHAT WUD U DO IF U BECOME THE PRESIDENT OF UR COUNTRY ? I 'd try to eliminate censorship because censorship is stupid . I 'd also pull the troops out of Iraq . 
4	Zone Alarm Settings using Perl or Registry ? How can I change Zone Labs Integrity Desktop settings using Perl or Batch scripting or by editing Registry values ? I specifically need to enable and disable Program Controls for different programs.Thanks Select `` Program Control '' and then the `` Programs '' tab and scroll down until you see the program that want to allow . Right click on the program and select allow . 
5	Who do you think the astros will most likely get from remaining free agents ? if anybody ? Apparently no one , they had one of the top three most disappointing off-seasons of any MLB team . I will be surprised to see them contend this year or , for that matter , see Clemens come back -- why should he ? The team basically sat on their thumbs . 
4	What is RSS ? `` RSS '' stands for Really Simple Syndication , Rich Site Summary , and/or Rockdale , Sandow , and Southern ( Railroad ) ( if you trust the good folks at AcronymFinder.com ) . Really Simple Syndication is probably the most widely agreed-upon choice . As far as we are concerned , all three acronyms do an inadequate job of describing what RSS actually is : RSS is a standard for publishing regular updates to web-based content . Using this standard , Web publishers provide updates , such as the latest news headlines or weblog postings . Meanwhile , consumers use RSS reader applications ( or one of a growing number of online services ) to collect and monitor their favorite feeds in one place ( RSS content from a publisher , viewed in one of these readers , is often called a `` feed '' ) .If you want to collect and browse feeds you have many choices , but there are two primary categories of feed reading applications : installable desktop programs and online services . There are many desktop applications for Windows and Mac OS system users , but two of our favorites are FeedDemon ( Windows ) and NetNewsWire ( Mac OS X ) . Both require a small purchase price but are tops for ease of use and ship with dozens of feeds pre-loaded so you can explore the syndication `` universe '' right away . Free readers are available as well ; a search for `` RSS Reader '' at popular search sites will yield many results.If you would prefer to use an online service to track and manage your feeds , you have the advantage of being able to access your feed updates anywhere you use a web browser ( and in some cases , on mobile devices ) . Also , any upgrades or new features are added automatically . The trade-off comes in different ( some would say fewer ) features and slightly slower performance versus desktop systems . NewsGator , Bloglines , and new RSS content capabilities in My Yahoo ! are probably the three best-known examples of web-based feed reading services . 
6	What were smurf toys originally called ? My Bro . had some from the 60 's they were different colors made by Peyo Johan and Peewit or blue imp 
2	HELP ! ! ! How long does alcohol stay in your system ? Urine Test. ? Alcohol does only stay in your system 24 hours . Some side affects may stay up to 36 hours . A test ,24 hrs . 
2	What are the white , foul-smelling flakes on my penis ? you might need to bathe more often . 
2	Any help for aging thin cancerous skin that 's sensitive to almost everything ? He 's a white thin-skinned 83-yr-old man who 's skin is now sensitive to sun , heat , light , TV , etc. , so it even hurts to lay on the sheets in the bed . He gets cancer eruptions burnt off as they flair up but wants relief from continual ouchiness . He cant even wear his sun hat nor sun glasses anymore 'cause it hurts wherever they touch his skin . He tries to get his mind off of problems but he cant do anything without being irritated . ( He already tried noxzema , uses zinc oxide , tries various skin products & soaps ... ) Any answers ? ? Thanks ! Please listen to me as I am only here to help . You have to do exactly as I say . Go to the website and look up CESIUM CHLORIDE AND OXYGEN DROPS . The other ones could be green algae and paw paw , etc etc . These medicines are known in the medical field , but they dont talk about it . Because these are natural remedies with no toxic chemicals in it . So , thats why they cant profit from it . If they cant profit , they dont sell . I mean , some are even made of mushrooms that you can grow anywhere . Why would they promote this ? These doctors will never make money . So , the FDA has put a restriction on these remedies . They can not say anything about cancer on their labels . They have to be sold as vitamins or health products . But , the website can tell you how to use it , and what cancers it can cure . See how they are suppressing the world ? In fact these treatments can cure up to 90 % of patients that doctors have already given up on . Chemo therapy is not a therapy . I would rather die then go through with that . They try to kill your cancer with chemicals and radiation . If they kill all your cancer before they kill all your body cells , then they consider you cured . But , what about after that ? Your body is damaged and your health deteriorated . There is almost no recovery to this . How many people you know live past 5 years after chemo therapy ? Not much if any at all . And compared to the masses , its almost nothing . What do you have to live with after chemo ? Your body is not sunburned , its practically microwaved . CESIUM CHLORIDE can be taken with OXYGEN DROPS . Go to the websites . You can go to these websites and they will give a whole package for you to buy . You can take these medicines over the course of 3 months , a year , or whatever they prescribe . After your mom is feeling well , taking it for about 2 months or more , you can almost garauntee that you are cured . But , you have to listen to them and take it till they tell you to stop . They even cure certain 3rd stage cancers with a 90 % success rate . But , time is of the essence so I urge you to buy it as soon as possible and take next day delivery or something . I wish you the best of luck in the future . But , heed my warning , do not go into chemo . They always tell you something fuzzy like , oh..you might live another 2 years , or you might die right away..etc etc ... .Then how do you decide ? But , they always say that people who have been on chemo will only live a maximum of X years after that . So , if you do exactly what I say , not only will you have a chance to survive , but all your friends that may get cancer ... 
9	is china still a communist country ? Yes - it is still officially governed by the Communist Party of China